Desoul the Mighty	W	common	Sorcery	14	W	2W	Choose one—
• Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
• Destroy target planeswalker with four or more loyalty counters on it.			normal	END		REPLACEMEShield Mantle	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	39	W	2W	Enchant creature
When Shield Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
W: Enchanted creature gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMETideseer	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	79	U	U	1, T: Scry 1.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEMerfolk Wavesweller	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	66	U	1U	2U: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEDevoted Skymage	U	common	Creature — Bird Wizard 	51	U	3U	Flying
Devoted Skymage gets +1/+0 as long as you control another blue permanent, +1/+0 as long as you control a black permanent, and +1/+0 as long as you control a red permanent.	1/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEPearl Trident Exemplar	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Soldier 	70	U	2U	Pearl Trident Exemplar can’t be blocked.
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Pearl Trident Exemplar gets +2/+0 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEKoilos Warden	U	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	58	U	5U	Shroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEWitness to Atrocities	U	common	Creature — Merfolk 	85	U	1U	Defender
U: Witness to Atrocities can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender. Activate only once each turn.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEChronolag	U	common	Instant	47	U	1U	Tap target artifact or creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.
Empower—If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, draw a card. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEUnseal the Lore	U	common	Sorcery	83	U	2U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a planeswalker.
Draw two cards.			normal	END		REPLACEMEMist Mantle	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	68	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Mist Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
U: Enchanted creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEOverwhelm With Details	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	69	U	U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -2/-0.
1U: Enchanted creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEConscripted Cabal	B	common	Creature — Zombie Cleric 	92	B	2B	1B, Exile Conscripted Cabal from your graveyard: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMESengir Corpse	B	common	Creature — Vampire Zombie 	119	B	1B	1: Sengir Corpse gains deathtouch until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Sengir Corpse this turn dies, you gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEDreadmaker	B	common	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	98	B	2B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Dreadmaker enters the battlefield, choose one—
• Target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
• Remove a loyalty counter from target planeswalker an opponent controls.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEGrim Crusader	B	common	Creature — Human Knight 	103	B	3B	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Grim Crusader this turn dies, that permanent’s controller discards a card.	3/4		normal	END		REPLACEMERuthless Eternal	B	common	Creature — Zombie Warrior 	118	B	3B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Ruthless Eternal enters the battlefield, target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEMercenary Operative	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	113	B	4B	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Mercenary Operative this turn dies, that permanent’s controller loses 1 life.	5/4		normal	END		REPLACEMELifeforce Harvester	B	common	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	109	B	7B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Lifeforce Harvester enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to the greatest mana value among creature cards in your graveyard.	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEPotent Concoction	B	common	Enchantment	117	B	B	1B, Sacrifice Potent Concoction: Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMEHarvest the Soul	B	common	Instant	104	B	1B	You may put a loyalty counter on up to one target planeswalker you control.
Choose one—
• Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.
• Remove two loyalty counters from target planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMEContemplate Fate	B	common	Sorcery	93	B	2B	Choose one—
• Target opponent sacrifices a creature.
• Target opponent sacrifices a planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMEOverwhelm with Truth	B	common	Sorcery	116	B	2B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you have drawn two or more cards this turn.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker with mana value 3 or less.			normal	END		REPLACEMETwist the Scriptures	B	common	Sorcery	124	B	3B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life, then rewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		REPLACEMETaint the Memory	B	common	Sorcery	122	B	2B	Target player discards two cards.
Rewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		REPLACEMESoul Mantle	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	121	B	B	Enchant creature
When Soul Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
B: Enchanted creature gains your choice of deathtouch or lifelink until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEDevious Prowess	B	common	Sorcery	97	B	B	Target creature gains menace until end of turn.
1, Exile Devious Prowess from your graveyard: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEGoblin Fireslinger	R	common	Creature — Goblin Warrior 	141	R	R	T: Goblin Fireslinger deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEPyre Reveler	R	common	Creature — Goblin Wizard 	147	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Pyre Reveler attacks, rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEKeeper of Old Ways	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	142	R	1R	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEKeldon Warmonger	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	143	R	1R	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Keldon Warmonger this turn dies, Keldon Warmonger deals 1 damage to that permanent’s controller.	3/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEWhelp of the New Generation	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	167	R	2R	Flying
1R: Whelp of the New Generation gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMESkirk Warcaller	R	common	Creature — Goblin Warrior 	157	R	3R	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Skirk Warcaller this turn dies, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token.	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEGoading Goblin	R	common	Creature — Goblin Warrior 	140	R	3R	2R: Target creature you control must be blocked this turn if able.	3/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEBlade of Resistance	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	128	R	4R	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Blade of Resistance this turn dies, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	5/4		normal	END		REPLACEMERebellious Warkite	R	common	Creature — Dragon 	150	R	3RR	Flying
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Rebellious Warkite deals 2 damage to each opponent. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEUtter Annihilation	R	common	Sorcery	166	R	3R	Choose one—
• Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.
• Target planeswalker you control deals damage equal to the number of loyalty counters on it to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	END		REPLACEMEConscripted Devotion	R	common	Sorcery	132	R	2R	Gain control of target creature or planeswalker until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEPower of the Powerless	R	common	Instant	146	R	1R	Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.
Empower—If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, creatures you control get an additional +1/+0 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEFrenzied Correction	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards, then rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEDragon Mantle	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	135	R	R	Enchant creature
When Dragon Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Enchanted creature has “R: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.”			normal	END		REPLACEMEPyretic Reaction	R	common	Sorcery	148	R	1R	Choose one—
• Destroy target artifact.
• You may activate the loyalty abilities of target planeswalker you control once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEFlameforged Blade	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	137	R	2R	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Flameforged Blade this turn dies, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Equip 2 (Equip abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMESpringbloom Sculptor	G	common	Creature — Elf Druid 	199	G	G	2G, Exile Springbloom Sculptor from your graveyard: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEGlowspore Thallid	G	common	Creature — Fungus Druid 	178	G	2G	G, Exile Glowspore Thallid from your graveyard: Choose one or both. Activate only as a sorcery—
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
• Put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEElven Ambusher	UG	common	Creature — Elf Warrior 	173	UG	2G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEElvish Geosculptor	G	common	Creature — Elf Shaman 	174	G	1G	3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on Elvish Geosculptor.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Elvish Geosculptor this turn dies, you gain 2 life.	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEVitality Enstiller	RG	common	Creature — Elf Druid 	204	RG	4G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
When Vitality Enstiller enters the battlefield, choose from among creatures you control a blue creature, a black creature, and a red creature. Put a +1/+1 counter on each of the chosen creatures.	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMETrained Anurid	G	common	Creature — Frog Beast 	200	G	2GG	Trample
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Trained Anurid this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Trained Anurid. (It must survive combat to get the counter.)	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEMistveiled Grapler	G	common	Creature — Spider 	189	G	3G	Reach
Shroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)	2/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEWarbellow Giant	G	common	Creature — Giant 	206	G	3GG	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Warbellow Giant this turn dies, untap up to two target permanents you control.	4/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEInvoke Yavimaya	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	182	G	2G	Enchant creature you control
When Invoke Yavimaya enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights up to one target creature you don’t control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.			normal	END		REPLACEMEIrresistible Prey	G	common	Sorcery	183	G	G	Target creature must be blocked this turn if able.
Draw a card.			normal	END		REPLACEMEFloral Mantle	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	176	G	G	Enchant creature
When Floral Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.
G: Enchanted creature gains your choice of reach or trample until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEYavimaya's Rebuke	G	common	Enchantment	208	G	G	G, Sacrifice Yavimaya’s Rebuke: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.			normal	END		REPLACEMETwilight Route		common	Land	247	W		Twilight Route enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.
W, T: You gain 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMESubmerged Cache		common	Land	245	U		Submerged Cache enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.
U, T: Look at the top card of your library. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMECorrupted Shrine		common	Land	242	B		Corrupted Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.
B, T: Target player mills a card. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMERuined Canyon		common	Land	243	R		Ruined Canyon enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.
R, T: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEVitalizing Spring		common	Land	248	G		Vitalizing Spring enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.
G, T: Target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBeacon of Hope		common	Artifact	232	C	3	Whenever you cast a planeswalker spell, you gain 1 life.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	END		REPLACEMELightgiver	W	uncommon	Creature — Elf Cleric 	30	W	W	T: Put a +1/+1 counter on Lightgiver.
2W, T, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Lightgiver: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery—
• Put X +1/+1 counters on another target creature you control.
• Put X loyalty counters on target planeswalker you control.	0/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEParagon of Glory	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	34	WR	2W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
When Paragon of Glory or another creature you control dies, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMESilent Overseer	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	40	WB	2WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Other Cleric creatures you control get +1/+1.
1W, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Silent Attendant. Activate only as a sorcery. (It’s a 0/2 white Human Cleric creature with “T: You gain 1 life.” and mana cost 2W.)	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEAven of the Inevitable	WU	uncommon	Creature — Bird Warrior 	5	WU	1WW	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Flying
1W: Untap another target blue, black, or red creature you control.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMESerra Angel	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel 	37	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEFellkeeper	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	21	WB	5W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
Fellkeeper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEBenevolent Battlepriest	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	8	W	1W	2W: You gain 1 life.
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, untap all creatures you control. Those creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMESheer Hope	W	uncommon	Enchantment	38	W	2WW	Empower—Whenever Sheer Hope enters the battlefield or you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, exile another target nonland permanent until Sheer Hope leaves the battlefield.			normal	END		REPLACEMEChains of Order	WU	uncommon	Instant	11	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Choose one—
• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.
• Counter target spell if it’s your turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEMisinformation Courrier	U	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	67	U	U	Flying
U: Rewrite 1. Activate only once each turn and only if Misinformation Courrier attacked or blocked this turn. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEMerfolk Coordinator	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Rogue 	63	U	2UU	Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1.
3U, T: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Merfolk Looter. Activate only as a sorcery. (It’s a 1/1 blue Merfolk Rogue creature with “T: Draw a card, then discard a card.” and mana cost 1U.)	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMESphinx of the New God	U	uncommon	Creature — Sphinx 	76	U	3UU	Flying
Whenever you cast a blue, black, or red spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Sphinx of the New God.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEAven of Insight	U	uncommon	Creature — Bird Rogue 	46	U	3U	Flying
2U: Scry 1.
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, draw a card. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEKnowledge of the Forbidden	U	uncommon	Enchantment	57	U	2U	When Knowledge of the Forbidden enters the battlefield, rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)
Whenever you draw one or more cards, create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.			normal	END		REPLACEMEPemmin's Aura	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	71	U	1UU	Enchant creature
U: Untap enchanted creature.
U: Enchanted creature gains flying until end of turn.
U: Enchanted creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)
1: Enchanted creature gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEVersatile Servant	B	rare	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	125	B	B	XB, Exile Versatile Servant from your graveyard:
If X is 0, target player mills two cards.
If X is 1, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
If X is 2, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
If X is 3, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEBloodblade Mercenary	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	88	B	2B	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Bloodblade Mercenary this turn dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEHost of the Eternal	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Naga 	106	B	2BB	Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever a creature you control dies, you may pay 1B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of a card named Infectious Host. (It’s a 1/1 black Zombie creature with “When this creature dies, target player loses 2 life.” and mana cost 2B.)	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEGraveraiser	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Cleric 	102	B	4B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Graveraiser enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEGrave Diviner	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	101	B	1B	B, T, Exile a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard: Draw a card.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMECorpse Recycler	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	94	B	4BB	Menace
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Corpse Recycler this turn dies, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.	6/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEDevastating Devastation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	1BB	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMELiliana's Recruitment	B	uncommon	Sorcery	111	B	3BB	Choose target creature or planeswalker card in a graveyard. Choose one—
• Put that card onto the battlefield under your control.
• Exile that card from its owner’s graveyard and create a number of tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens equal to half its mana value, rounded down.			normal	END		REPLACEMETormenting Visions	B	uncommon	Enchantment	123	B	2B	Whenever you draw a card, each opponent loses 1 life.
1B, Pay 1 life: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMERage Spiker	R	uncommon	Creature — Goblin Shaman 	149	R	R	Haste
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Rage Spiker this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Rage Spiker. (It must survive combat to get the counter.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEReckless Recruiter	R	uncommon	Creature — Goblin Warrior 	151	R	1R	T: Until end of turn, whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEMogg Warcaller	R	uncommon	Creature — Goblin 	145	R	1RR	Other Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1.
R: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Mogg Fanatic. Activate only once each turn and only if three or more creatures you control attacked this turn. (It’s a 1/1 red Goblin creature with “Sacrifice Mogg Fanatic: It deals 1 damage to any target.” and mana cost R.)	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEBookburner	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	129	R	2RR	Flying
Whenever you draw a card, Bookburner gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEGhitu Devotee	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	139	R	4R	T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)
Whenever you draw one or more cards card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, Ghitu Devotee deals 1 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMETribute Taker	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	163	R	1R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Treasures you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.”	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEMeteoric Bombardment	R	uncommon	Instant	144	R	2R	Choose up to three target creatures, then choose one—
• Those creatures each get +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
• Meteoric Bombardment deals 1 damage to each of those creatures.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBurn Through	R	uncommon	Sorcery	130	R	1RR	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Excess damage is instead divided as you choose among that creature’s controller and up to one planeswalker that player controls.			normal	END		REPLACEMESkyshroud Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Scout 	198	G	1G	G: Skyshroud Tracker must be blocked this turn if able.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Skyshroud Tracker this turn dies, search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	END		REPLACEMELlanowar Clancaller	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Druid 	186	G	1GG	Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.
When Llanowar Clancaller enters the battlefield, you may reveal a creature card from your hand with mana value greater than the number of lands you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of a card named Llanowar Elves. (It’s a 1/1 green Elf Druid creature with “T: Add G.” and mana cost G.)	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEWarped Allosaurus	RG	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	207	RG	2GG	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Trample
Trample over planeswalkers (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the controller of the planeswalker it’s attacking.)	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMENissa's Titan	G	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	194	G	3GG	Flash
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Nissa’s Titan this turn dies, you may return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEBlessed Warbeast	RG	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Beast 	169	RG	8G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Blessed Warbeast enters the battlefield, other blue, black, and red creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEAmbush Expert	UG	uncommon	Creature — Elf Warrior 	168	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Flash
As long as it’s not your turn, each other creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	3/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEGruesome Devourer	BG	uncommon	Creature — Wurm 	180	BG	1GG	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.) 
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEUrgyl's Encouragement	G	uncommon	Enchantment	203	G	1G	1G: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn. Activate only as a sorcery—
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker.
• Target creature you control must be blocked this turn if able.			normal	END		REPLACEMEReaped Devotion	UG	uncommon	Instant	197	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, then double the number of each kind of counter on any number permanents.			normal	END		REPLACEMETolarian Spires		uncommon	Land	246	WU		Tolarian Spires enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or U.
W/U, T: Target permanent you control gains shroud until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMECabal Lair		uncommon	Land	241	UB		Cabal Lair enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or B.
U/B, T: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEShivan Ridge		uncommon	Land	244	BR		Shivan Ridge enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or R.
B/R, T: Damage can’t be prevented this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEYavimaya Outpost		uncommon	Land	249	RG		Yavimaya Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or G.
R/G, T: Target creature gains trample until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBenalish Fortification		uncommon	Land	240	WG		Benalish Fortification enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or W.
G/W, T: Untap target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		REPLACEMEArtificial Devotee		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	231	C	1	1: Target nonland permanent becomes blue, black, or red in addition to its other colors until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEKarn's Chargekeeper		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	235	C	4	Karn’s Chargekeeper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever you activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Karn’s Chargekeeper.
When Karn’s Chargekeeper dies, put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control for each +1/+1 counter on Karn’s Chargekeeper.	0/0		normal	END		REPLACEMEMetallic Scourge		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Dragon 	236	C	6	Flying	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEIdol of Devotion		uncommon	Artifact	234	C	3	T: Add C.
3, T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMESturdy Maul		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	237	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and must be blocked if able.
Equip 4			normal	END		REPLACEMEEnstiller of Hope	W	rare	Creature — Angel Cleric 	17	W	3WW	Flying
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, you may return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEHush Reality	W	rare	Enchantment	26	W	1WW	Other permanents on the battlefield have shroud. (They can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEFlaresteel Paladin	WR	rare	Creature — Human Knight 	23	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Whenever Flaresteel Paladin attacks, choose any number. Each mode must target a different creature.
• Target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red gains double strike until end of turn.
• Target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
• Double the power of target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEOppressive Interrogator	WU	rare	Creature — Human Wizard Cleric 	33	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Whenever an opponent activates an ability that isn’t a mana ability, you may draw a card unless that player pays 1. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/4		normal	END		REPLACEMESoul-for-Soul	WB	rare	Sorcery	41	WB	5WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Planeswalker offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a planeswalker and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed planeswalker. Mana cost includes color.)
Search your library for a planeswalker card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	END		REPLACEMEJodah, Aloof Arcmage	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Spellshaper 	54	WUBRG	4UU	W, T, Discard a card: Choose one —
• Target player gains 3 life.
• Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.
U, T, Discard a card: Target player draws three cards.
B, T, Discard a card: Add BBB.
R, T, Discard a card: Jodah, Aloof Arcmage deals 3 damage to any target.
G, T, Discard a card: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEMandatory Betrayal	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	61	U	2UU	Enchant creature or planeswalker
When enchanted permanent dies, gain control of target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMECurrent Sculptor	U	rare	Creature — Merfolk 	48	U	2UU	Untap all creatures you control during each other player’s untap step.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEMerfolk Stormwalker	U	rare	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	65	U	3UU	T: Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.
Empower—1U: If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. Activate only if you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities and only once each turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEMend the Timeline	U	rare	Enchantment	62	U	2U	Whenever a player drawing cards causes a triggered ability to trigger, counter that ability unless its controller pays 2.
2U, Exile Mend the Timeline: Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. (Mend the Timeline is exiled before any cards are drawn.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEMemory Assassin	B	rare	Creature — Human Wizard Assassin 	112	B	2BB	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Memory Assassin enters the battlefield, look at target player’s hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player rewrites that card if able. (They must shuffle that card from their hand into their library if able. If they do, they draw a card.)	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEHerald of Spite	B	rare	Creature — Demon 	105	B	3BB	Flying
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Herald of Spite this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Herald of Spite.	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMELazotep Recruiter	B	rare	Creature — Zombie Jackal 	107	B	7B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Lazotep Recruiter enters the battlefield, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that card, except it’s a 4/4 black Zombie. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMELegion Salvager	B	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	108	B	2BB	Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Legion Salvager this turn dies, put that card from its owner’s graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	4/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEDeathless Cropmate	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Warrior 	95	B	B	Deathless Cropmate enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, you may return Deathless Cropmate from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEEternal March	B	rare	Enchantment	99	B	2B	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and you rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)
Whenever you draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, put a +1/+1 counter on a Zombie you control. If you don’t control a Zombie, create a 0/0 black Zombie creature token first.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBreak the Terms	B	rare	Instant	90	B	3B	Exile target creature or planeswalker. When you exile a permanent with mana value 6 or greater this way, exile another target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMEFearless Flayer	R	rare	Creature — Goblin Warrior 	136	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Fearless Flayer attacks, choose a planeswalker you control. You may activate the loyalty abilities of that planeswalker once this turn during combat at any time you could cast an instant and as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMESquee, Goblin Nabob	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Goblin 	159	R	2R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return Squee, Goblin Nabob from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEShivan Dragon	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	155	R	4RR	Flying
R: Shivan Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMESlug Fest	R	rare	Enchantment	158	R	3RR	At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature you control fights another target creature if able.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by a source you control this turn dies, Slug Fest deals that much damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	END		REPLACEMEDeity's Procession	R	rare	Enchantment	134	R	3R	Whenever you draw your third card each turn, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.
3R: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEMultani, Reawoken	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Avatar 	192	G	4GG	When Multani, Reawoken enters the battlefield, choose any number of permanents with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.
Multani gets +1/+1 for each counter on other permanents you control.
Remove six counters from among permanents you control: Return Multani from your graveyard to your hand.	0/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEKeen Fanaticism	UG	rare	Enchantment	184	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
At the beginning of your end step, untap up to two lands you control.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if it has the highest mana value among permanents cards in graveyards and permanents on the battlefield, draw a card.			normal	END		REPLACEMEQuirion Dryad	G	rare	Creature — Dryad 	195	G	1G	Whenever you cast a spell that’s white, blue, black, or red, put a +1/+1 counter on Quirion Dryad.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEMolimo the Fickle	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Elemental Avatar 	190	G	3GG	Molimo the Fickle must be blocked if able.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Molimo the Fickle this turn dies, destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent you don’t control.	5/5		normal	END		REPLACEMELegacy Subverter	BG	rare	Creature — Elf Shaman 	185	BG	3G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Whenever you sacrifice Legacy Subverter or another nontoken creature, mill two cards. Then return a creature card with lesser mana value than the sacrificed creature from your graveyard to your hand.	3/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEGnarled Warbeast	RG	rare	Creature — Beast 	179	RG	GG	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Whenever Gnarled Warbeast attacks, you may choose target creature you don’t control and target attacking creature you control. If you do, untap the creature you don’t control. It blocks the creature you control this turn if able.	3/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEJhoira, Touched by Time	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	219	UR	2UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Jhoira, Touched by Time.
Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Jhoira.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEBittersweet Triumph	W	mythic	Enchantment	10	W	2W	At the beginning of each end step, you win the game if each of the following is true—
• Your opponent controls no planeswalkers.
• A planeswalker you control has left the battlefield this turn.
• A creature or planeswalker card has left your graveyard this turn.
• You have no creature cards and no planeswalker cards in your graveyard.			normal	END		REPLACEMEHushed Trauma	U	mythic	Enchantment	52	U	2U	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, note its name.
0: Choose a card name that hasn’t been chosen from among names noted with Hushed Trauma. Create a copy of the card with the chosen name. You may cast the copy and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell. Activate only once each turn and only during your turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEVirulent Lotus		mythic	Artifact	238	C	0	T, Exile Virulent Lotus and each other permanent you control named Virulent Lotus: Reveal your hand and exile all cards named Virulent Lotus revealed this way. Add three mana of any one color. You lose the game at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	END		REPLACEMERadha, Heart of War	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Warrior 	196	RG	1G	Whenever Radha, Heart of War attacks, you may add RRGG. (You lose that mana at the end of the declare attackers step.)
3G: Double a number or number word on target spell or permanent until end of turn.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEThe Chain Veil		mythic	Legendary Artifact	233	C	4	At the beginning of your end step, if you didn’t activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker this turn, you lose 2 life.
4, T: For each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMESursi Seeker	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	42	W	W	W: Sursi Seeker gains your choice of first strike, vigilance, or lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEFaithbinder	WU	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	18	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
1, T: Tap target creature.	0/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEPious Sentinel	WR	common	Creature — Human Knight 	35	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
1: Pious Sentinel gains first strike until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEFamiliar of the Exceptional	W	common	Creature — Pegasus 	20	W	1W	Flying
Whenever Familiar of the Exceptional deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, choose one—
• You gain that much life.
• Put that many loyalty counters on target planeswalker you control.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEFierce Devotee	WR	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	22	WR	2W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Fierce Devotee enters the battlefield, target creature gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEFaithful Martyr	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	19	W	2W	When Faithful Martyr dies, choose one—
• You gain 2 life.
• When the next creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, you gain life equal to its mana value.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEKeeper of Serenity	W	common	Creature — Fox Spirit 	28	W	W	1W, Sacrifice Keeper of Serenity: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEChampion of Divinity	WB	common	Creature — Human Knight 	12	WB	3W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
When Champion of Divinity enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each permanent you control that’s blue, black, and/or red.	4/3		normal	END		REPLACEMELeader of Resistance	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	29	W	3W	Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, put a +1/+1 counter on Leader of Resistance. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEAven Uplifter	WU	common	Creature — Bird Cleric 	6	WU	4W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Flying
T: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEDevoted Pilgrimage	WB	common	Creature — Human Knight 	16	WB	6W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
1W, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEBenalish Shieldmate	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	7	W	1W	Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Benalish Shieldmate gets +2/+2 and gains vigilance until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEComplete Devotion	WR	common	Instant	13	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Complete Devotion deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBind to the Real	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	9	W	1WW	Enchant creature or planeswalker
Enchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	END		REPLACEMEMercy for the Meek	WB	common	Instant	31	WB	W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token. When you do, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEWings of Devotion	WU	common	Instant	44	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Untap each creature you control. Those creatures gain flying until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEHopeful Calling	W	common	Sorcery	25	W	3W	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and a loyalty counter on each planeswalker you control.
Empower—If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, creatures you control also gain vigilance until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEUndying Defenders	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	43	W	1W	2W, T: Create a token that’s a copy of Undying Defenders. Activate only as a sorcery. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEJayne, Voice of Caution	W	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Jayne 	27	W	3W			[+1]: Untap up to one target creature you control. It gets +0/+2 until your next turn.
[-1]: Target creature can’t attack or block until your next turn.
[-2]: Until your next turn, creatures can’t attack you or planeswalkers you control unless their controller pays 2 for each of those creatures.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMENahiri, Seeking Retribution	WR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Nahiri 	32	WR	2W			(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
[-2]: Nahiri, Seeking Retribution deals 4 damage to target tapped creature.
[-3]: Until your next turn, whenever a creature or planeswalker you control is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to any target.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMESaheeli, Progress Specialist	U	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Saheeli 	74	U	3UU			[+1]: Until end of turn, abilities you activate cost 1 less to activate and noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast. This effect can’t reduce the mana in those costs to less than one mana.
[-2]: Create a 1/1 colorless Widget artifact creature token with “When this creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control or a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control.”
[-4]: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEKikai, Hired Revisionist	U	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Kikai 	56	U	1UU			[+1]: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)
[0]: Target player mills two cards for each card you’ve drawn this turn.
[-3]: Target player draws two cards.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMESorin, Bloodline Keeper	B	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Sorin 	120	B	2BB			[+1]: Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.
[-1]: Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”
[-X]: Sorin, Bloodline Keeper deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker. You gain X life.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEXrthalid, Insanity Flayer	B	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Xrthalid 	126	B	4B			[+1]: Until end of turn, whenever a creature or planeswalker dies, target player mills two cards.
[0]: You may sacrifice a creature. Then if a creature has died this turn, draw a card.
[-2]: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card, except it’s 1/1. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMESarkhan, Roar of Vengeance	R	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Sarkhan 	154	R	4RR			[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample and haste until end of turn.
[-2]: Choose target creature you control. If that creature is a Dragon, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Otherwise, it fights target creature you don’t control.
[-4]: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMEBaltrice, Last of the Consortium	R	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Baltrice 	127	R	2R			[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
[-1]: Create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token. It gains haste until end of turn.
[-3]: Baltrice, Last of the Consortium deals 3 damage to any target.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEUrgyl, Great Preservationist	G	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Urgyl 	202	G	1GG			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains defender until your next turn.
[-1]: Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to its mana value.
[-2]: Choose one—
• Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.
• Put two loyalty counters on another target planeswalker you control.
• Draw a card.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEGulcux, Finality-Bringer	BG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Gulcux 	181	BG	3G			(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that creature is blue, black, or red, it gains deathtouch until end of turn.
[-1]: Create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.
[-3 ]: Return target blue, black, or red card from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEDionis, Peparation Specialist	WU	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Dionis 	214	WU	1WU			Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.
[+1]: Scry 1. You gain 1 life.
[-1]: Untap all nonland creatures you control.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEKaya, Ethereal Agent	WB	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Kaya 	220	WB	3WB			[+1]: You may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, you gain life equal to its mana value.
[-1]: Return to your hand target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.
[-2]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, exile target creature or planeswalker.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEAna, the Freeminded	WR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Ana 	210	WR	2RW			[+1]: You may activate abilities of up to one target creature you control as though that creature had haste.
[-1]: Add RW. Spend this mana only to activate abilities. (This is not a mana ability.)
[-3]: Gain control of target creature or planeswalker until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains lifelink and haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEEstrid, Identity Reshaper	WBG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Estrid 	217	WBG	1GW			(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Blue, black, and red spells you cast cost GW less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay. (For example, if you cast a black spell with mana cost 2W, it costs 2 to cast.)
[+1]: You may create a black Aura enchantment token named Mask of Identity attached to up to one target creature you control. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and is blue, black, and red in addition to its other colors.”[-2]: You gain 1 life for each permanent you control that’s blue, black, and/or red.[]: []: 	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEAshiok, Embraced by Fear	UB	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Ashiok 	211	UB	3UB			[+1]: Up to one target creature you control can’t be blocked this turn.
[-1]: Target opponent exiles the top two cards of their library. Draw a card.
[-2]: Create an X/X black Nightmare creature token, where X is the number of cards you’ve drawn this turn.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMELola, Spellfire Artist	UR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Lola 	221	UR	2UR			[+1]: When you cast your next noncreature spell this turn, draw a card, then discard a card.
[-1]: Until end of turn, whenever you draw a card, Lola, Spellfire Artist deals 1 damage to each opponent.
[-3]: Shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards plus one.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEOko, Devious Trickster	UG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Oko 	225	UG	3GU			[+1]: Until your next turn, you may cast blue, black, and red spells as though they had flash.
[0]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target blue, black, and/or red creatures you control.
[-1]: Until end of turn, Oko, Devious Trickster becomes a copy of up to one target blue, black, or red creature you control. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEMortus, Chord of Calamity	BR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Mortus 	222	BR	1BR			[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
[-2]: Each time target permanent would deal damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.
[-3]: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. When the creature you don’t control dies this turn, create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEGarruk, the Veil-Consumed	BG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Garruk 	218	BG	2BG			[+1]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, you gain life equal to its mana value.
[-1]: Until end of turn, whenever a creature you control dies, put a loyalty counter on a planeswalker you control.
[-3]: You may exile up to two creature cards from your graveyard. Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token for each creature card exiled this way.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMESamut, Worthy of Victory	RG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker — Samut 	227	RG	1RG			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains vigilance and haste until end of turn.
[-1]: Target creature an opponent controls blocks this turn if able. Untap that creature.
[-3]: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance, trample, and haste until end of turn.  	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEDovin, Counteroperative	WU	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Dovin 	215	WU	2WU			Loyalty abilities of other planeswalkers you control that remove loyalty counters as part of their cost to activate cost -1 less to activate.
[+1]: Tap up to one target artifact or creature. Until your next turn, it loses all abilities and doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
[-2]: The next time you activate an ability this turn that isn’t a mana ability, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEAjani, Usurper of Oppressors	WG	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Ajani 	209	WG	2GW			[+1]: Put a loyalty counter on each other planeswalker you control.
[-2]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
[-7]: Search your library for a planeswalker card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEEmma, Covert Agent	UB	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Emma 	216	UB	3UB			If you would draw a card, you may instead exile the top card of target opponent’s library face down. You may look at that card.
[+1]: Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled with Emma, Covert Agent, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast those spells.
[-9]: For each card exiled with Emma, Covert Agent, target player draws a card.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMEDaretti, Heretic Cogsmith	BR	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Daretti 	213	BR	1BR			[+1]: Daretti, Heretic Cogsmith deals 1 damage to any target.
[-2]: Double target creature’s power. It gains trample. At the beginning of your next upkeep, that creature’s controller sacrifices it.
[-5]: Create a token that’s a copy of target artifact or creature card in your graveyard, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types. That token gains haste.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMERamaz, Mad Shaman	RG	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Ramaz 	226	RG	1RG			[+1]: Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a loyalty counter on Ramaz, Mad Shaman, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.
[-1]: Return a card at random from your graveyard to your hand.
[-X]: Ramaz, Mad Shaman deals X damage to each creature, each other planeswalker, and each player.	planeswalker	END	2	!landslotREPLACEMENarset, Mystial Mentor	WUR	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Narset 	223	WUR	1URW			[+2]: Untap up to one target creature you control. That creature gains vigilance and haste until end of turn.
[+1]: Empower—Scry 2, If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities (including this one), instead scry 2 then draw a card.
[-7]: For each ability you’ve activated this turn that isn’t a mana ability (including this one), exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast noncreature, nonland cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs and you may play the rest.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMENicol Bolas, Revered Deity	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Bolas 	224	UBR	3UBBR			[+2]: Each opponent discards a card and you draw a card.
[+1]: Whenever a creature attacks a planeswalker you control, that creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn for each attacking creature.
[-3]: Nicol Bolas, Revered Deity deals 7 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
[-4]: Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
[-10]: Each player sacrifices each other nonland permanent they control.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMEVivien, Avenger of Skalla	G	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Vivien 	205	G	3GG			[+1]: Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.
[-3]: Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.
[-8]: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Craterhoof Behemoth. (It’s a 5/5 green Beast creature token with haste, “When Craterhoof Behemoth enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control,” and mana cost 5GGG.)	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMENissa, the World Sage	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Nissa 	193	G	3GG			[0]: Put a loyalty counter on Nissa, the World Sage for each land you control, then remove three loyalty counters from Nissa, the World Sage.
[-3]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put all land cards from among them onto the battlefield and the rest into your hand.
[-X]: Put X +1/+1 counters on target land you control. Untap it. It becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste that’s still a land.
[-X]: Search your library for half X basic land cards, rounded down, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMETibalt, False Devotee	R	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Tibalt 	162	R	RR			[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.
[-2]: Create a 1/1 red Devil creature token with “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target.”
[-4]: Gain control of all creatures and planeswalkers until end of turn. Untap them. They gain haste until end of turn. You lose the game at the beginning of your next upkeep.	planeswalker	END	2	!landslotREPLACEMEChandra, Rekindled	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Chandra 	131	R	2RR			[+2]: Add RR.
[-X]: Chandra, Rekindled deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker.
[-X]: Exile the top X cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled this way.
[-X]: Create two X/1 red Elemental creature tokens with trample and haste. Sacrifice them at the beginning of the next end step.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEOb Nixilis, Curel Tormentor	B	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Nixilis 	115	B	1BB			[+1]: Each opponent who has no cards in hand or has seven or more cards in hand loses 2 life. Each other opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.
[-2]: Choose creature or planeswalker. Each opponent sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type.
[-5]: Each opponent chooses a card in their hand and discards the rest.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMELiliana, Seeking Closure	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Liliana 	110	B	3BB			When Liliana, Seeking Closure dies, destroy all planeswalkers her owner doesn’t control.
[+1]: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
[0]: Each player sacrifices a creature or non-Liliana planeswalker.
[-7]: Liliana, Seeking Closure’s owner returns all other creature and planeswalker cards from their graveyard to the battlefield under their control.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMETezzeret, Master Agent	U	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Tezzeret 	78	U	2UU			[+1]: Untap up to one target nonland permanent.
[-2]: Draw two cards, then choose any number of other permanents with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.
[-6]: Create four 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature tokens.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEJace, Arcstrategist	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Jace 	53	U	3UU			Flash
When Jace, Arcstrategist enters the battlefield, you may activate one of his loyalty abilities this turn at any time you could cast an instant.
[+1]: Look at the top card of target player’s library. You may put that card on the bottom of that player’s library.
[0]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
[-X]: You may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value X or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEAnabelle, Planar Regent	W	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Anabelle 	4	W	2WW			[+1]: Exile the top card of your library face down and look at it. For as long as that card remains exiled, if you would draw a card, you may instead put that card into your hand.
[-3]: Anabelle, Planar Regent deals 2 damage to each tapped creature.
[-6]: Target player’s life total becomes equal to their starting life total.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEGideon, Rallier of Worlds	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Gideon 	24	W	1WW			Whenever another legendary permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a loyalty counter on Gideon, Rallier of Worlds.
[+1]: Until end of turn, Gideon, Rallier of Worlds becomes a 4/4 Human Soldier creature with indestructible that’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
[-2]: Search your library for a legendary card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
[-8]: Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put up to two legendary permanent cards from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslotREPLACEMEKylixid, Warden of the Warped		rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Kylixid 	2	C	4			[+1]: Create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.”
[0]: Look at the top card of your library. If it’s a colorless card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. (Lands are colorless.)
[-6]: For each permanent you don’t control, you may move any number of counters from that permanent onto another permanent that shares a card type with it.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslotREPLACEMEKarn, Keeper of Worlds		rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Karn 	1	C	5			[+2]: Until your next turn, up to one target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its mana value.
[-1]: Up to one target nonland permanent loses all abilities until your next turn.
[-11]: Exile all other nonalnd permanents. Then put a card of each permanent type from exile onto the battlefield under your control.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslotREPLACEMEUgin, the Fated Twin		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ugin 	3	C	7			[+1]: Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.
[-2]: Exile target multicored permanent. Put a number of loyalty counters on Ugin, the Fated Twin equal to the exiled card’s mana value.
[-6]: Take an extra turn after this one.
[-12]: Restart the game. At the beginning of your first upkeep that game, search your library for up to three planeswalker cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	7	!landslotREPLACEMEDesperate Stand	W	rare	Instant	15	W	2W	This spell can’t be countered.
Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn. You can’t lose the game this turn and your opponents can’t win the game this turn.
Until end of turn, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.
Until end of turn, damage that would reduce the number of loyalty counters on a planeswalker you control to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.			normal	END		REPLACEMERestore to Power	WB	rare	Instant	36	WB	2WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Return to the battlefield all creature, planeswalker, and land cards in your graveyard that were put there from anywhere this turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEUgin's Intervention	U	uncommon	Instant	82	U	XUU	Counter X target spells.			normal	END		REPLACEMECrushing Dominance	UBR	rare	Sorcery	212	UBR	XXUBR	Choose X (you may only choose each mode once)—
• Exile target creature or planeswalker.
• Gain control of target creature or planeswalker.
• Target player discards three cards.
• Crushing Dominance deals 5 damage to any target.
• Destroy target noncreature permanent.			normal	END		REPLACEMECrucible of Fire	R	rare	Enchantment	133	R	3R	Dragon creatures you control get +3/+3.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBoon of Strength	RG	common	Instant	170	RG	G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMESure Strike	R	common	Instant	160	R	1R	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	END		REPLACEMEBolas's Devotees	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	89	B	2B	When Bolas’s Devotees enters the battlefield, if it isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of Bolas’s Devotees. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEDeity's Disposal	U	common	Instant	49	U	1UU	Counter target spell. Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEStorm of Possibility	U	common	Sorcery	77	U	U	Rewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		REPLACEMETolarian Revisionist	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	80	U	2U	T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMETwist of Fate	U	common	Instant	81	U	1U	Return target creature or planeswalker to its owner’s hand.
Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMELoyal Scribe	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	59	U	1U	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Loyal Scribe.	1/2		normal	END		REPLACEMEPrivileged Drake	U	common	Creature — Drake 	72	U	4U	Flying
Privileged Drake gets +1/+0 for each card you’ve drawn this turn.	1/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEKeper of Murky Depths	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	55	U	2U	Keper of Murky Depths can’t be blocked as long as you have cast a blue spell this turn.
Keper of Murky Depths gets +1/+1 as long as you have cast a black spell this turn.
Whenever Keper of Murky Depths deals combat damage to a player, if you have cast a red spell this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEMana Leak	U	common	Instant	60	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.			normal	END		REPLACEMEMerfolk Looter	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Rogue 	64	U	1U	T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEAugur of Bolas	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	45	U	1U	When Augur of Bolas enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an instant or sorcery card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/3		normal	END		REPLACEMECabal Agent	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	91	B	B	When Cabal Agent enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life and you rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEVodalian Trademage	U	common	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	84	U	3U	Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, scry 2. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/5		normal	END		REPLACEMEShift the Perspective	U	common	Sorcery	75	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.
Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMERemake	U	rare	Sorcery	73	U	3U	Draw two cards, then rewrite 7. (You may shuffle up to seven cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEDestiny Trader	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	50	U	2U	If you would draw one or more cards except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, instead draw that many cards plus one.	2/3		normal	END		REPLACEMETumultuous Turn	R	rare	Sorcery	164	R	1R	Each player rewrites 7. (Each player may shuffle up to seven cards from their hand into their library. If they do, they draw that many cards.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEFearless Martyr	B	common	Creature — Satyr Cleric 	100	B	1B	When Fearless Martyr dies, if it isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of Fearless Martyr. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEArisen Again	B	common	Sorcery	86	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	END		REPLACEMENight Party	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	114	B	1B	1B, Exile a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of Night Party. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMETwin Bursts	R	uncommon	Instant	165	R	2RR	Twin Bursts deals 2 damage to each of up to two target creatures and/or planeswalkers.
Overcome—Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Twin Bursts this turn dies, Twin Bursts deals 2 damage to that creature’s controller.			normal	END		REPLACEMERevision of Ashes	R	common	Sorcery	153	R	R	Rewrite 1. Then, Revision of Ashes deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of cards you’ve drawn this turn. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		REPLACEMERelentless Reviser	R	common	Creature — Goblin Wizard 	152	R	2R	When Relentless Reviser attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each card you’ve drawn this turn.	1/3		normal	END		REPLACEMELlanowar Convert	BG	rare	Creature — Elf Druid 	188	UBRG	G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
T: Add U, B, or R.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEConverted Thallid	BG	common	Creature — Fungus 	171	BG	1G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Converted Thallid.	1/1		normal	END		REPLACEMEEnd the Old Brood	RG	common	Sorcery	175	RG	1G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)
End the Old Brood deals 5 damage to target creature with flying.			normal	END		REPLACEMEGlimpse the New	UG	common	Sorcery	177	UG	G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a blue, black, or red creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	END		REPLACEMEMortality Weaver	BG	common	Creature — Elf Shaman 	191	BG	3G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)
When Mortality Weaver enters the battlefield, another target creature gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMELlanowar Combatant	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Warrior 	187	G	G	G, Exile Llanowar Combatant from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	END		REPLACEMETunneling Tombwurm	BG	common	Creature — Wurm 	201	BG	4GG	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)
Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)	6/6		normal	END		REPLACEMEDivine Defense	UG	common	Instant	172	UG	1G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)
Target permanent gains shroud until end of turn. If it’s a creature, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		REPLACEMEShivian Rider	R	uncommon	Creature — Goblin 	156	R	3RR	As long as you control a Dragon, Shivian Rider has flying and haste.
R: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you control no Dragon tokens.	2/2		normal	END		REPLACEMETeferi, Multiverse's Ally	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	230	WU	2WU	Ward—Put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library.
Empower—Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, for each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated     abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMEShalai, Voice of Bolas	WUBRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Angel 	228	WUBRG	3GW	(This card is blue, black, and red in addition to its other colors.)
Flying
Each other creature you control that’s blue, black or red enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it if G or if W was spent to cast it.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell that’s blue, black, or red, draw a card if G or if W was spent to cast it.	4/4		normal	END		REPLACEMEBelzenlok, Keeper of Contracts	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Demon 	87	B	5BBB	Flying
Rather than pay the mana cost for a spell you cast from your hand, you may pay 0. If you do, at the beginning of your next upkeep you lose the game unless you pay that spell’s mana cost. (Mana cost includes color.)	6/6		normal	END		REPLACEMEWeatherlight, Ready for War		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	239	C	4	Flying
Planeswalkers you control have “+2: Weatherlight, Ready for War becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”
Whenever Weatherlight attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then you may remove any number of +1/+1 counters from it. When you do, it deals that much damage to any target.
Crew 3	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEMESolemn Departure	WB	rare	Sorcery	229	WB	WB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a planeswalker.
Destroy each nonland permanent with mana value X or less, where X is the number of loyalty counters on the sacrificed planeswalker.			normal	END		REPLACEMETarox, Brood Convert	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	161	R	2RR	Flying
1R, Discard a Dragon card: Double Tarox, Brood Convert’s power until end of turn. Then if the discarded card was legendary, Tarox deals damage equal to its power to up to one target creature or planeswalker.	3/3		normal	END		REPLACEME