Tireless Team	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	204	WU	4WU	When Tireless Team enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature tokens.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAstral Rebirth	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	191	BG	XBG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of enchantments. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment sacrificed this way.
Return any number of target enchantment cards with total mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMENebula Keeper	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	33	W	1W		2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStalwart Guardmage	W	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	42	W	1W	Flash
When Stalwart Guardmage enters the battlefield, target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBasebeamer	W	common	Creature — Human Scout 	21	W	2W	1W, T, Return Basebeamer to its owner’s hand: Warp another target creature you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAsterborn Oracle	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	18	W	3W	When Asterborn Oracle enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAntimatter Regent	W	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	17	W	4W	When Antimatter Regent enters the battlefield, warp target permanent you control not named Antimatter Regent. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidfiller	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	47	W	6W	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each colorless nonland permanent you control.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStarstruck	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	46	W	1WW	Enchant creature
When Starstruck enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Enchanted creature can’t attack, block, or crew Vehicles.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBrightspear	W	common	Instant	23	W	1W	Brightspear deals 2 damage to target tapped creature.
Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMESplendid Reaction	W	common	Sorcery	41	W	2W	Choose one or both —
• Exile target artifact or enchantment you don’t control.
• Warp target artifact or enchantment you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidsight Prophet	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	83	U	U	When Voidsight Prophet enters the battlefield, scry 2.	1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInsanity Instiller	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	66	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, target player mills four cards.	1/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWormhole Guide	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	85	U	2U	Wormhole Guide can’t be blocked.
Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Wormhole Guide gets +1/+0 until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)	1/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStarswimmers	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Fish 	79	U	3UU		5/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEOverdesigned Construct	U	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	71	U	5U	Whenever Overdesigned Construct attacks, return another creature you control to its owner’s hand.	6/6		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHoverbase Guard	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	63	U	1U	Defender
Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Hoverbase Guard can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender. (Lands are colorless.)	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAdapted Survivor	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	51	U	2U	When Adapted Survivor enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEResearch Capsule	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	75	U	3U	Enchant creature
When Research Capsule enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
At he beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBreach the Horizon	U	common	Sorcery	54	U	2UU	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAstral Wings	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	53	U	2U	Enchanted creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.
When enchanted creature leaves the battlefield, return Astral Wings to its owner’s hand.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInfantile Obliviator	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	101	B	B		1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHerald of Despair	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	99	B	1B	Constellation—Whenever Herald of Despair or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life.	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEExhausted Renegade	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	96	B	1B	When Exhausted Renegade dies, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEOmenmaker	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	105	B	3B	When Omenmaker enters the battlefield, you may pay up to 2 life. For each 1 life paid this way, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStellar Imploder	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	113	B	4B	Constellation—Whenever Stellar Imploder or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target player mills two cards. You gain 1 life for each land card milled this way.	4/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESurface Levelers	B	common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	114	B	5B	Flash
When Surface Levelers enters the battlefield, destroy target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls that was dealt damage this turn.	5/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMETouch of the Eternities	B	common	Instant	116	B	B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, if you control a colorless nonland permanent, exile it instead.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWhispers of the Nebula	B	common	Enchantment	120	B	2B	When Whispers of the Nebula enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAgonizing Collapse	B	common	Sorcery	86	B	3B	Target opponent discards two cards.
Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMETether to the Concrete	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	115	B	B	Enchant creature or planeswalker you control
If enchanted permanent would die, warp it instead. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDaring Cosmonaut	R	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	126	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Daring Cosmonaut becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	0/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMETectonic Manipulator	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	151	R	1R		3/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEExplorer of Hostile Lands	R	common	Creature — Human Scout 	131	R	3R	Whenever Explorer of Hostile Lands attacks, you may warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHoverbase Captain	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	136	R	3R	Haste
Whenever Hoverbase Captain becomes tapped, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, creatures and Vehicles you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMinemaker	R	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	144	R	4R	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Minemaker deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWarminded Anomolies	R	common	Creature — Beast Warrior 	153	R	5R	Warminded Anomolies is colorless.
Trample	6/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHijack	R	common	Sorcery	135	R	1RR	Gain control of target artifact or creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEErgonomic Upgrades	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	130	R	1R	Enchant creature or vehicle
Enchanted permanent gets +2/+2 and has trample.
Tap an untapped creature you control: As long as enchanted permanent is a Vehicle, it becomes a creature in addition to its other types until end of turn.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEImmediate Deployment	R	common	Instant	137	R	1R	Choose one—
• Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.
• Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGeode Drill	R	common	Sorcery	133	R	3R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets an artifact.
Destroy target artifact or land.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStarformed Centaur	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Centaur 	185	G	2G	Reach
Constellation—Whenever Starformed Centaur or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Starformed Centaur gets +0/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAmbush Party	G	common	Creature — Human Beast Warrior 	155	G	3G	Flash
When Ambush Party enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENest Raider	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	177	G	3G	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBioadapted Monstrosity	G	common	Creature — Beast Mutant 	159	G	4G	Bioadapted Monstrosity is colorless.
When Bioadapted Monstrosity enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStellar Pouncer	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	188	G	4G	Constellation—Whenever Stellar Pouncer or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Stellar Pouncer gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEPower of the Nebulas	G	common	Instant	178	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.
Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.
Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEChart the Uncharted	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	162	G	2G	Enchant creature
When Chart the Uncharted enters the battlefield, return target enchantment or land card from your graveyard to your hand.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMENovie Mattermaker		common	Creature — Human Wizard 	9	C	3C	When Novie Mattermaker enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAutopilots		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Pilot 	209	C	3	Defender (This creature can’t attack.)	5/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENewland Surveyors		common	Artifact Creautre — Construct 	221	C	3	When Newland Surveyors enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEManakin		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	220	C	2	T: Add C.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStar-Crossed Couple	W	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	43	W	2W	When Star-Crossed Couple enters the battlefield, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn (including Star-Crossed Couple), put a +1/+1 counter on Star-Crossed Couple.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStargate Follower	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	45	W	1W	Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile Stargate Follower. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. (It enters with summoning sickness.)	1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWorldtie Manipulator	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	49	W	1WW	Colorless spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Whenever a colorless nonland permanent enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERealmstrider	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	37	W	3W	Realmstrider is colorless.
When Realmstrider enters the battlefield, choose one—
• Create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.
• Search your library for a basic Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
• Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENebula Harnesser	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	32	W	3WW	Constellation—Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAsters Unleashed	W	uncommon	Sorcery	19	W	3W	Create two white Star enchantment tokens with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.” Then, exile target creature with power less than or equal to the number of enchantments you control.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMENaked Singularity	W	uncommon	Enchantment	31	W	1W	Whenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
3W: Warp another target permanent you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEIncomprehensible Species	U	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	65	U	2U	Incomprehensible Species is colorless.
You may have Incomprehensible Species enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature you control, except it’s colorless.	0/0		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidbreacher	U	uncommon	Creature — Whale 	82	U	4U	Flying
Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Voidbreacher. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEternities Swimmer	U	uncommon	Creature — Fish 	60	U	1U	Flying
Whenever Eternities Swimmer becomes tapped, you may warp another target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMETo the Stars	U	uncommon	Sorcery	80	U	3UU	Warp target permanent you control. You draw cards equal to its mana value. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWarp Trail	U	uncommon	Enchantment	84	U	3U	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may warp another target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEResearch Mission	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStardust Devourer	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Cat 	111	B	3B	Constellation—Whenever Stardust Devourer or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDoomrunner	B	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Horse 	95	B	3B	Flying
At the beginning of your end step, for each player who lost life this turn, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAnimate Duality	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	87	B	2B	Constellation—Whenever Animate Duality or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature you control gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEReturn from Oblivion	B	uncommon	Sorcery	107	B	2BB	Warp target artifact or creature card in your graveyard. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMarauder Marshall	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	141	R	R	Haste
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESteelstreamer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	148	R	2R	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may exile the top card of your library. If you do, you may play that card this turn. If you don’t, Steelstreamer deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAsteroid Blaster	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	122	R	3R	Whenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, Asteroid Blaster deals 2 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMELone Adventurer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	140	R	4R	Haste
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Lone Adventurer gains flying until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESpacewalker	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	146	R	2R	Spacewalker is colorless.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may warp an untapped land you control. If you do, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDebris Cannon	R	uncommon	Artifact	127	R	2R	Whenever a land you control leaves the battlefield, Debris Cannon deals 2 damage to each opponent.
R, T: Sacrifice a land. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEArc Flare	R	uncommon	Instant	121	R	1R	Arc Flare deals 2 damage to any target.
Landfall—If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, Arc Flare deals 4 damage to that target instead.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEPrideforger	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Cat 	179	G	3G	Constellation—Whenever Prideforger or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStar-Blessed Hunters	G	uncommon	Creature — Cat 	183	G	3GG	Constellation—Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Star-Blessed Hunters fight target creature.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHoverbase Pioneers	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	169	G	4GG	When Hoverbase Pioneers enters the battlefield, choose one—
• Create two white Star enchantment tokens with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
• Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEApelike Anomalies	G	uncommon	Creature — Monkey Mutant 	156	G	1GG	Apelike Anomalies is colorless.
When Apelike Anomalies enters the battlefield, you may warp any number of untapped lands you control. For each land warped this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Apelike Anomalies. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAstral Hunter	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Wolf 	158	G	G	Constellation—Whenever Astral Hunter or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMapping Route	G	uncommon	Enchantment	174	G	2GG	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one—
• Create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEApplied Assistant		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	207	C	2	When Applied Assistant leaves the battlefield, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEUnity Keeper		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	229	C	3	Whenever another permanent you control leaves the battlefield, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWeather Bunker		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	231	C	2	Crew Weather Bunker only once each turn.
Whenever one or more creatures crew Weather Bunker, you may exile one of those creatures.
When Weather Bunker is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return each creature card exiled with it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Crew 1	0/6		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAstral Aligner	W	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	20	W	1W	At the beginning of each end step, if you created one or more tokens this turn, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Astral Aligner gets +2/+2 as long as you control seven or more tokens.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERescuer	W	rare	Creature — Cleric 	40	W	2W	Rescuer is colorless.
Flash
When Rescuer enters the battlefield, until end of turn, if another creature you control would die, warp it instead. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	1/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHorizon Chaser	U	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	62	U	2U	Whenever Horizon Chaser becomes tapped, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a colorless card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. (Lands are colorless.)
Colorless spells you control can’t be countered.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMobilization Specialist	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct 	69	U	3U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target colorless non-Aura permanent you control. If that permanent isn’t a creature or Vehicle, it becomes a 0/0 creature in addition to its other types. If that permanent is a land, it gains haste until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)	2/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMaster Technician	U	rare	Creature — Human Pilot 	68	U	3U	Whenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Master Technician.
Artifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Master Technician.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInspired Awe	U	rare	Enchantment	67	U	2U	When Inspired Awe enters the battlefield, you may warp target colorless permanent. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)
Whenever you warp a permanent, draw a card.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECosmic Rebirther	B	rare	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	92	B	3BB	Constellation—Whenever Cosmic Rebirther or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, return to the battlefield target nonenchantment creature card in your graveyard with mana value less than or equal to the number of enchantments you control.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEForeboding Prophets	B	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	97	B	3BB	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, if it isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.” (Lands are colorless.)
Sacrifice six Stars: Destroy all other creatures.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMETactless Raider	R	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	150	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Tactless Raider becomes tapped, it deals damage equal to its power to each opponent.	1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidflare Artist	R	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	152	R	2R	Voidflare Artist is colorless.
Whenever another colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Voidflare Artist gets +1/+0 until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)
Whenever Voidflare Artist attacks, add an amount of C equal to its power minus 2. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEnigma Voyager	G	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	166	G	G	Enigma Voyager is colorless.
When Enigma Voyager leaves the battlefield, look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of other colorless permanents you control. You may reveal a permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEternus, the Living Cosmos	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Elemental Avatar 	28	W	4WW	Flying
When Eternus, the Living Cosmos enters the battlefield, for each nonenchantment permanent you control, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C” and exile that permanent until that Star leaves the battlefield. Until your next turn, you can’t activate abilities of Stars.
Eternus’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of enchantments you control.	*/*		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBlissful Unity	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	22	W	4W	Whenever a legendary creature or planeswalker enters the battlefield under your control, if you cast it from your hand, you may reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a legendary creature or planeswalker card with lesser mana value. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEParallel Paradox	U	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	72	U	CCCUUU	Parallel Paradox is colorless.
Whenever you cast another colorless spell, copy it for each other colorless spell you’ve cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token. Lands aren’t spells.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEShattered Prophet	B	mythic	Creature — Angel Cleric 	110	B	2BB	Flying
Whenever Shattered Prophet attacks, you may sacrifice a permanent. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. If the permanent you sacrificed was colorless, instead destroy target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERecolonization Process	W	common	Enchantment	38	W	2W	When Recolonization Process enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMELeo Formation	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Cat 	30	W	W	Constellation—Whenever Leo Formation or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENova Composite	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	36	W	3W	Constellation—Whenever Nova Composite or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Nova Composite.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEIon Blast	W	common	Instant	29	W	4W	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECatastrophic Expansion	W	common	Instant	24	W	2W	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.
Destroy target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidglider	W	common	Creature — Bird 	48	W	1W	Voidglider is colorless.
Flying	1/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEternities Oracle	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	27	W	1W	2W, T: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEPod of Skywhales	U	common	Creature — Whale 	73	U	3U	Pod of Skywhales is colorless.
Flying	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBlaster Construct		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	211	W	3	W: Blaster Construct gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAscender Contruct		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	208	U	3	U: Ascender Contruct gains flying until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEmergency Provisions	U	common	Instant	57	U	3UU	Choose one—
• Counter target spell.
• Create two 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature tokens.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAimless Drifter	U	common	Creature — Human Scout 	52	U	1U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1. (Lands are colorless.)	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECatastropic Miscalculation	U	common	Instant	55	U	1U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
Warp up to one target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHyperspeed Reflexes	U	common	Instant	64	U	2U	Choose one—
• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.
• Warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEScholar of Stars	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	77	U	3U	When Scholar of Stars enters the battlefield, if you control an artifact, draw a card.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAntimatter Blast	B	common	Instant	88	B	2BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.
Destroy target creature.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBiome Collision	B	common	Sorcery	90	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.
Destroy target permanent that shares a type with the sacrificed permanent.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStarfighter Adept	B	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	112	B	2B	Whenever Starfighter Adept becomes tapped, target creature or vehicle gains menace until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAnnihilator Construct		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	206	B	2	B: Annihilator Construct gains deathtouch until end of turn.	1/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESalvage	B	common	Sorcery	108	B	1B	Choose one or more—
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidwarped Wanderer	B	common	Creature — Human Scout 	118	B	2B	Voidwarped Wanderer is colorless.
When Voidwarped Wanderer enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHardened Veteran	B	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	98	B	3B	Whenever a colorless permanent you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Hardened Veteran. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECore Collapse	R	common	Instant	124	R	4R	Choose one—
• Core Collapse deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target land.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDebris Navigator	R	common	Creature — Human Scout 	128	R	R	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, target creature can’t block this turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHighforce Pilot	R	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	134	R	2R	Whenever Highforce Pilot becomes tapped, target creature or vehicle you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESpeeder Construct		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	227	R	2	R: Speeder Construct gains haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMine to the Core	R	common	Instant	143	R	2R	Landfall—This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land that has entered the battlefield under your control this turn.
Mine to the Core deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECraterhub Resident	R	common	Creature — Human Scout 	125	R	2R	Trample
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Craterhub Resident gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFlames of Starforge	R	common	Sorcery	132	R	2R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEApex Species	G	common	Creature — Beast Mutant 	157	G	4GG	Trample
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Apex Species.	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBiome Charter	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	160	G	1G	When Biome Charter enters the battlefield, you may warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMap the Realms	G	common	Enchantment	173	G	1GG	Flash
When Map the Realms enters the battlefield, search your library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDogfight	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Vehicle it targets. (Those Vehicles must be artifact creatures to be targeted by this spell.)
Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature an opponent controls.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEElk Formation	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Elk 	165	G	1G	Trample
Constellation—Whenever Elk Formation or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Elk Formation gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERuin by Fauna	G	common	Sorcery	180	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control.
Choose one—
• That creature fights target creature you don’t control.
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStardust Prowler	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Wolf 	184	G	2G		4/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGifts of the Nebula	G	common	Instant	167	G	G	Choose one—
•  Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
• Warp target land you control (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)
• Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBrawler Construct		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	212	G	4	G: Brawler Construct gains trample until end of turn.	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMELifefinder	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	171	G	G	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Lifefinder gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBiomass Reactor		common	Land	234	C		T: Add C.
T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEvolving Wilds		common	Land	238	C		T, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGeode Mine		common	Land	244	C		Geode Mine enters the battlefield tapped.
When Geode Mine enters the battlefield, add one mana of any color.
T: Add C.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWastes		common	Basic Land	247	C					normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWastes		common	Basic Land	248	C					normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGravity Well		common	Enchantment — Aura 	4	C	2C	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -5/-0 and loses flying.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMESolemn Explorer		common	Creature — Human Scout 	10	C	1C		2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWarphole Rift		common	Instant	14	C	1C	Warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECrush of Gravity		common	Sorcery	3	C	1C	Tap target creature. If that creature has flying, destroy it.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGround Hauler		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	216	C	5	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Ground Hauler gains trample until end of turn.
Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/8		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENova Researcher		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	222	C	2	Flying, vigilance
Constellation—Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may switch Nova Researcher’s power and toughness until end of turn.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)         	2/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEGalactic Voyager		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	215	C	3	Flying
Whenever Galactic Voyager attacks or blocks, scry 1.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENebula Runner	W	uncommon	Creature — Unicorn 	34	W	1W	Whenever Nebula Runner attacks, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENebula Titan	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Giant 	35	W	4WW	When Nebula Titan enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	4/6		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEYoung Aster	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	50	W	W	Constellation—Whenever Young Aster or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Young Aster.
Young Aster has flying and vigilance as long as it has four or more +1/+1 counters on it.	0/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDeploy the Starfleet	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	1U	Search your library for a Vehicle card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMERecord Keeper	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	74	U	U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a page counter on Record Keeper. (Lands are colorless.)
Remove five page counters from Record Keeper: Search your library for a colorless card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMETrance	U	uncommon	Instant	81	U	1U	You may return a colorless nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMESquadron Captain	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Pilot 	78	U	3U	At the beginning of your end step, untap all Vehicles you control and all creatures that crewed Vehicles this turn.	4/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECrash Survivor	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Pilot 	93	B	2B	Crash Survivor enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever a Vehicle you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may put Crash Survivor from your hand onto the battlefield.	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEScion of Null	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	109	B	1B	Scion of Null is colorless.
When Scion of Null enters the battlefield, each player loses 1 life.
Whenever a colorless nonland permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Scion of Null from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWastescape Combatant	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	119	B	B	Wastescape Combatant has deathtouch as long as you control a colorless nonland permanent.
2B, Sacrifice Wastescape Combatant: Wastescape Combatant deals 1 damage to target creature.	1/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEUnteather	B	uncommon	Instant	117	B	B	Put target face-up exiled card into its owner’s graveyard.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMatter Drain	B	uncommon	Instant	104	B	1BB	Exile target creature, enchantment, or planeswalker and all other permanents its controller controls with the same name as that permanent. You lose 1 life for each permanent exiled this way.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEProduction Manager	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	106	B	4B	T, Sacrifice a nonartifact creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	5/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEImpact Tremors	R	uncommon	Enchantment	138	R	1R	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, Impact Tremors deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMESpirited Wanderer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	147	R	1R	When Spirited Wanderer becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. If the discarded card was colorless, target creature can’t block this turn. (Lands are colorless.)	2/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDust Storm	R	uncommon	Instant	129	R	2R	Dust Storm deals to each creature equal to the number of colorless nonland permanents you control.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECareless Wanderer	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	161	G	1G	When Careless Wanderer enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Sacrifice four enchantments: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHabitat Charter	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	168	G	G	When Habitat Charter enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEScarhide Behemoth	G	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	181	G	1GG	Scarhide Behemoth enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Scarhide Behemoth
If damage would be dealt to Scarhide Behemoth while it has a +1/+1 counter on it, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from Scarhide Behemoth.	0/0		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStellar Nursery	G	uncommon	Enchantment	187	G	2G	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEVoidscape	WB	uncommon	Enchantment	205	WB	2WB	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. (Lands are colorless.)
WB: Warp target colorless permanent you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHead Battledriver	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	198	WR	3RW	Other creatures you control have haste.
Whenever Head Battledriver or another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token. Exile it at the beginning of your next end step.
Whenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMENebula Herald	WG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Cleric 	199	WG	GW	Constellation—Whenever Nebula Herald or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, if that enchantment isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
T, Sacrifice X enchantments: Return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEmptiness Forger	UB	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	195	UB	3UB	When Emptiness Forger enters the battlefield, you may return target colorless card from your graveyard to your hand. (Lands are colorless.)
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, look at the top card of target player’s library. You may put that card into their graveyard.	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAcomplished Admiral	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Pilot 	190	UR	1UR	Haste
T: Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Whenever one or more Vehicles you control deal combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEnvoy of the Unknown	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	196	UG	3GU	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.
2GU: Warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFleet General	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Pilot 	197	BR	1BR	Menace
Fleet General’s power is equal to 1 plus the number of artifacts you control.	1+*/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECrater Miner	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	192	RG	1RG	Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Crater Miner deals 1 damage to each opponent.
RG: You may warp target untapped land you control. When you do, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFrozen Twilight		uncommon	Land	243	WU		Frozen Twilight enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T: Add W or U.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFederation Prisons		uncommon	Land	240	UB		Federation Prisons enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T: Add U or B.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMECrash Site		uncommon	Land	235	BR		Crash Site enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T: Add B or R.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEExcavated Nest		uncommon	Land	239	RG		Excavated Nest enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T: Add R or G.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAstral Trail		uncommon	Land	232	WG		Astral Trail enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T: Add G or W.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBeatrix, Master Envoy		uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	1	C	2CC	When Beatrix, Master Envoy enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.
Other Scout creatures you control get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESurfer of the Stars		uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	13	C	1C	Sacrifice a Star: Surfer of the Stars can’t be blocked until end of turn.	3/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInto the Rift		uncommon	Sorcery	6	C	2C	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStarscape		uncommon	Sorcery	11	C	3C	Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.
Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWarpspace Traveler		uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard Scout 	15	C	3C	Whenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may warp it. Do this only once each turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEIntermine Transport		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	219	C	3	Flying, trample
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Intermine Transport.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStellar Scape		uncommon	Enchantment Land	246	C		Hexproof (This permanent can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)
T: Add C.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBiome Scouter		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	210	C	3	Flying
As long as Biome Scouter is a creature, it has lifelink as long as you control a Plains, vigilance as long as you control an Island, menace as long as you control a Swamp, first strike as long as you control a Mountain, and trample as long as you control a Forest.
Crew 1	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESlum Scanner		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	225	C	4	Flying
When Slum Scanner enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact or creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESolemn Raft		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	226	C	4	When Solemn Raft enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
When Solemn Raft is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may draw a card.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStealth Fighter		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	228	C	5	Flying
Whenever Stealth Fighter attacks or blocks, you may warp target creature that crewed it. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEShower Surveyor		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	224	C	5	T: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	4/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBioluminescent Cavern		rare	Land	233	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Bioluminescent Cavern: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDesolate Scape		rare	Land	237	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Desolate Scape: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFlooded Jungle		rare	Land	241	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Flooded Jungle: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMERavaged Surface		rare	Land	245	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Ravaged Surface: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEFrostburned Pass		rare	Land	242	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Frostburned Pass: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWastescape		rare	Land	249	C		Lands you control are named Wastes in addition to their other names and have “T: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAligner Orion	W	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Elemental 	16	W	5W	Constellation—Whenever Aligner Orion or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, if that enchantment isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Whenever you sacrifice a Star, you gain 1 life for each Star you have sacrificed this turn.
Pay 28 life: Destroy all other artifacts, creatures, and planeswalkers.	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECelestial Shower	W	rare	Enchantment	25	W	1WW	Lands you control have “T: Add C.”
Nonland permanents you control are colorless. The same is true for spells you control and nonland cards you own that aren’t on the battlefield.
You may spend colorless mana as though it were mana of any color. You may spend other mana only as though it were colorless mana.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEnd of Extinction	W	rare	Instant	26	W	1W	Exile target artifact or enchantment. Search its controller’s graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that permanent and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStardust Regent	W	rare	Enchantment Creature — Elemental Dragon 	44	W	3WW	Flying
C: Stardust Regent gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If mana produced by a Star was spent to activate this ability, choose one—
• Stardust Regent gets an additional +0/+1 until end of turn.
• Stardust Regent gains vigilance until end of turn.
• Stardust Regent gains lifelink until end of turn.	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERescue Vessel	W	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	39	W	2WW	Flying
Whenever Rescue Vessel attacks, you may pay X. If you do, return target permanent card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEExplorer's Vessel	U	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	61	U	2UU	Flying, defender
Whenever Explorer’s Vessel becomes crewed for the first time each turn, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	1/4		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMonolith Analysis	U	rare	Enchantment	70	U	1U	Monolith Analysis is colorless.
When Monolith Analysis enters the battlefield, draw a card.
At the beginning of each upkeep, if seven or more permanents named Monolith Analysis entered the battlefield under your control last turn, you win the game.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEnter the Ship	U	rare	Instant	58	U	1UU	For each card type among permanents you control, you may warp up to one target permanent of that type. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEAssassin's Vessel	B	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	89	B	1BB	Flying, deathtouch
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Assassin’s Vessel this turn dies, its controller loses life equal to its mana value.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBlast of Exitinction	B	rare	Instant	91	B	2BB	Destroy X target creatures, where X is the amount of mana produced by Stars to cast this spell plus 1.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInsignifigance	B	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	103	B	1BB	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is the highest mana value among permanents you control.
Whenever a permanent you control enters the battlefield, if it has the highest mana value among permanents cards in graveyards and permanents on the battlefield, return Insignifigance from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEInnerbase Salvager	B	rare	Creature — Human Artificer 	102	B	2B	Whenever a colorless creature you control dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERaider's Vessel	R	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	145	R	RR	Flying, haste
When Raider’s Vessel attacks, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESwarm the Enemy	R	rare	Enchantment	149	R	3R	Creatures you control have haste.
Each Vehicle you control is a creature in addition to its other types.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHigh Ursurper Null	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Warrior 	100	B	1B	High Ursurper Null is colorless.
Deathtouch
As long as you control three or more colorless nonland permanents, High Ursurper Null has first strike.
Whenever another colorless nonland permanent you control leaves the battlefield, each player loses 1 life.	3/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMeteor Dragon	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	142	R	4RR	Flying
Landfall— Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Meteor Dragon deals 1 damage to any target.
Whenever Meteor Dragon attacks, you may warp any number of untapped lands you control. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEBiome Eater	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	123	R	5RR	Flying, haste
Whenever a land you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Biome Eater.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may sacrifice all lands you control.	6/6		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWonder of the Skypod	R	rare	Sorcery	154	R	1R	Exile the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card, you may cast it this turn. If it’s a land card, you may pay 1. If you do, put it onto the battlefield tapped and repeat this process.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMiner's Vessel	G	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	176	G	4GG	Trample
Landfall—Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Miner’s Vessel becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	10/10		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMegapede	G	rare	Creature — Insect 	175	G	2GG	Trample
Whenever Megapede deals combat damage to a player, search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.	4/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMESpaceshift	G	rare	Sorcery	182	G	2GG	Choose one—
• Exile all lands you control, then return them to the battlefield tapped under their owners’ control.
• Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEIntraplanar Map	G	rare	Enchantment Artifact	170	G	1G	G, T, Sacrifice a land: Search your library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStellar Grounds	G	rare	Enchantment	186	G	1G	Lands you control are enchantments in addition to their other types.
Constellation—Whenever Stellar Grounds or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMajesty of Starlight	G	rare	Enchantment	172	G	3G	Constellation—Whenever Majesty of Starlight or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.
3C: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDestiny, Nebula Child	WG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Human 	193	WG	1GW	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Constellation—Whenever Destiny, Nebula Child or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay C. If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. You may reveal a permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEProphet of the Eclipse	WB	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	200	WB	WB	At the beginning of each end step, if three or more colorless permanents of the same type entered the battlefield under your control this turn, you may exile target nonland permanent. (Lands are colorless.)	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERaven, Starfleet Captain	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pilot 	201	UBR	2UR	Haste
Artifacts you control have haste.
Whenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, it becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
1B, T: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECaged Sun		rare	Artifact	213	C	6	As Caged Sun enters the battlefield, choose a color. (Colorless is not a color.)
Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.
Whenever a land’s ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add one additional mana of that color.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEThe Hoverbase		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	217	C	5	Flying
When The Hoverbase attacks, you may warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)
Whenever another nontoken creature you control leaves the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.
Crew 2
The Hoverbase can be your commander.	1/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEHyperdrive Gate		rare	Artifact	218	C	3	1, T: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
6, T: You may put a nonland permanent card that’s one or fewer colors from your hand onto the battlefield. When that permanent enters the battlefield, warp it. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEWastescape Walker		rare	Artifact Creature — Construct 	230	C	3	When Wastescape Walker enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
Artifact tokens are colorless Construct creatures in addition to their other types with base power and toughness 2/2.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECollision Course		rare	Sorcery	2	C	3CC	Destroy all creatures.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEThe Hedron Project		rare	Legendary Enchantment	5	C	2C	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.”
Sacrifice two artifacts named Hedron: Remove all counters from target permanent.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEStudied Subject		rare	Creature — Horror 	12	C	C	Vigilance, trample, menace
Studied Subject can’t attack or block unless it has seven or more research counters on it.
C: Put a research counter on Studied Subject.	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEMinxx, Subreal Voyager		rare	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	8	C	CCCC	Whenever another effect causes you to add C, add an additional C.	2/2		normal	GLX		REPLACEMERaider Flagship Titan		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	223	C	6	Flying
Whenever Raider Flagship Titan attacks, destroy target creature.
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/6		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEKylixid, Hedron Warden		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kylixid 	7	C	2CC			[+2]: Create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.” 
[+1]: Until your next turn, creatures with power less than or equal to the number of artifacts you control can’t attack planeswalkers you control.
[-10]: You get an emblem with “If you would lose unspent mana, that mana becomes colorless instead.” Then, add C for each artifact, creature, and land you control.	planeswalker	GLX	4	REPLACEMEEmma, the Traveler	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Emma 	194	UB	2UB			UB: You may play a card from outside the game this turn. Activate only once each turn.
[+1]: Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.
[-X]: You may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value X from your graveyard this turn. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (You still pay its costs.)
[-6]: Shuffle all creatures into their owners’ libraries. Shuffle your graveyard into your library.	planeswalker	GLX	4	REPLACEMESamut, Planar Refugee	RG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Samut 	202	RG	1RG			[+1]: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a creature or land card you may put it onto the battlefield, then return it to your hand.
[-2]: Samut, Planar Refugee deals 2 damage to any target. Creatures dealt damage this way can’t block this turn.
[-5]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.”	planeswalker	GLX	3	REPLACEMEThe Skyswimmer	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Whale 	203	WUBRG	C/WC/UC/BC/RC/G	(C/W can be paid with either C or W.)
The Skyswimmer is colorless.
Flying
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, you gain 1 life for each type of mana spent to cast it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return to your hand target colorless card in your graveyard with mana vales less than or equal to the number of colorless nonland permanents you control.	5/5		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEExtinction Cannon		mythic	Legendary Artifact	214	C	3	Sacrifice an enchantment: Put a charge counter on Extinction Cannon.
T: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
T, Remove five charge counters from Extinction Cannon: Destroy target land.
T, Remove X charge counters from Extinction Cannon: Extinction Cannon deals X damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEEon Voyage	U	mythic	Sorcery	59	U	3UUU	Warp each permanent you control. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)
Take an extra turn after this one.
Exile Eon Voyage.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEDesolation Prophet	B	mythic	Creature — Human Cleric 	94	B	1B	When Desolation Prophet enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”
Stars you control lose all colors and are creatures with base power and toughness 1/1 in addition to their other types.	1/1		normal	GLX		REPLACEMELeeroy, Top Captain	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Pilot 	139	R	3RR	Haste
Whenever a Vehicle you control becomes crewed, you may have that Vehicle’s base power become equal to the total power of creatures crewing it and its base toughness become equal to the total to toughness of creatures crewing it.	6/3		normal	GLX		REPLACEMECosmic Leveler	G	mythic	Creature — Wurm Mutant 	163	G	G	When Cosmic Leveler enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice six colorless permanents. (Lands are colorless.)
Trample	12/12		normal	GLX		REPLACEMEUnleashed Flourishing	G	mythic	Sorcery	189	G	GG	Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle. Then if the number of lands you control is greater than or equal to half the minimum deck size rounded up, you win the game.			normal	GLX		REPLACEMEThe Craterhub		mythic	Legendary Land	236	R		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice another land: Add R for each 1 life your opponents have lost this turn.			normal	GLX		REPLACEME