O'Lime, Reefkeeper	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Shark 	205	WU	2WU	If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.
Apex—O’Lime, Reefkeeper and other creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMENerak, Herald of Processions	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	204	WB	2WB	Whenever Nerak, Herald of Processions becomes tapped, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more tapped tokens or if three or more creature tokens you control left the battlefield this turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGern, the Quakemaker	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Giant 	196	WR	4RW	Vigilance
Apex—At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. If the discarded card is a Giant, instead exile it and you may play that card until the end of your next turn.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEU'Kala, Revered Protector	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Giant 	187	G	5GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Vigilance
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control with mana value 3 or less.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESemaj, Eternity-Seer	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	207	UB	1UB	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice an artifact or creature. If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
2UB, T, Sacrifice Semaj, Eternity-Seer: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERuyel, Tribute Keeper	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Serpent 	206	UR	4UR	When Ruyel, Tribute Keeper enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of artifacts put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control for the first time each turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHekmaj, the Hatemaker	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Satyr Shaman 	199	BR	BR	Whenever another creature you control dies, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
BR, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEIcknick, Life-Invoker	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	200	BG	1BG	Whenever Icknick, Life-Invoker becomes tapped, you gain life equal to its power.
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Icknick.	1/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDoomsnap, the Tide-Eater	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Leviathan 	194	RG	5RG	When Doomsnap, the Tide-Eater enters the battlefield, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.
Whenever a creature or planeswalker an opponent controls is dealt excess noncombat damage by Doomsnap or another creature you control, Doomsnap deals damage equal to the excess to that permanent’s controller.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMarine, Kraken Breeder	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	202	UG	1GU	Whenever a sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
T: Add GU. Spend this mana only to cast sea monster spells.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERadiant Mentor	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	27	W	1W	When Radiant Mentor dies, you gain 2 life and create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECaller of the Protectors	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	5	W	1W	Giant spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Apex—Caller of the Protectors gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGather the Devoted	W	common	Sorcery	14	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.
Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFollower of Footsteps	W	common	Creature — Giant 	13	W	2W	Apex—Follower of Footsteps enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	3/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECourrier of Hope	W	common	Creature — Bird 	8	W	2W	Flying
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESeeker of Greatness	W	common	Creature — Human Scout 	32	W	3W	When Seeker of Greatness enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESteadfast Protector	W	common	Creature — Giant 	35	W	2WW		4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGiant's Steppe Seekers	W	common	Creature — Human Scout 	15	W	3W	Apex—At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on Giant’s Steppe Seekers.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHonored Protector	W	common	Creature — Giant 	17	W	3WW	When Honored Protector enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMighty Eagle	W	common	Creature — Bird 	22	W	4W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Flying	3/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBattledriver Giant	W	common	Creature — Giant 	4	W	4WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Vigilance	4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDawnwaker	W	common	Creature — Giant 	9	W	4WW	When Dawnwaker enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEReadied Protection	W	common	Instant	28	W	W	Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERender Insignificant	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	30	W	2W	Apex—This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETriumphant Efforts	W	common	Sorcery	38	W	2W	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGuiding Light	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	16	W	1W	Enchant creature
When Guiding Light enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
Whenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETriumph Against Ferocity	W	common	Instant	37	W	2W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature that convoked Triumph Against Ferocity.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECast to Nothingness	W	common	Instant	6	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelic of Xiphaes	W	common	Artifact	29	W	2W	When Relic of Xiphaes enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.
T: Add W.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEExalted Griffin	U	common	Creature — Griffin 	54	U	1U	Flying
Apex—Exalted Griffin gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEOctopod Manipulator	U	common	Creature — Octopus 	64	U	2U	T: Untap another target permanent you control.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECrafter of Relics	U	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	48	U	2U	When Crafter of Relics enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESanity Drowner	U	common	Creature — Kraken 	69	U	3U	Whenever Sanity Drowner or another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, target player mills two cards. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	2/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWindward Seer	U	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	77	U	4U	Flying
1U, Exile Windward Seer from your graveyard: Draw a card.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEScavenger of Shipwrecks	U	common	Creature — Shark 	70	U	4U	Scavenger of Shipwrecks gets +2/+0 as long as you control an artifact.	3/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESpawn of the Depths	U	common	Creature — Leviathan 	72	U	5U	Flash
U, Discard Spawn of the Depths: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	4/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBreach the Surface	U	common	Sorcery	44	U	2U	Create a 2/2 blue Shark creature token.
You may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw a card. If you don’t, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPlunge Sanity	U	common	Instant	65	U	2UU	Counter target spell. Up to one target player mills four cards.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERethink	U	common	Instant	68	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays X, where X is its mana value.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGrip of Tentacles	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	57	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Grip of Tentacles enters the battlefield, if you control a sea monster, tap enchanted creature. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBeneath the Tides	U	common	Instant	42	U	3U	Apex—This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Draw two cards.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEContingency Plan	U	common	Sorcery	46	U	1U	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESweep the Shores	U	common	Instant	74	U	1U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEProtected by the Deep	U	common	Instant	66	U	U	Apex—Target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, that creature also gains hexproof until end of turn.
Scry 1.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDrown Out	U	common	Instant	50	U	1U	Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is its mana value.
Draw a card.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelic of Abussaee	U	common	Artifact	67	U	2U	When Relic of Abussaee enters the battlefield, scry 2.
T: Add U.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECarrion Scrounger	B	common	Creature — Satyr Cleric 	82	B	1B	When Carrion Scrounger enters the battlefield, mill two cards.
Apex—Carrion Scrounger gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWilling Vessel	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	116	B	1B	Whenever Willing Vessel becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERitualist of the Forbidden	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	109	B	2B	B, Exile Ritualist of the Forbidden from your graveyard: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERitual Keeper	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	108	B	2B	When Ritual Keeper enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
1B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ritual Keeper. You gain 1 life.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEScion of Oblivion	B	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	111	B	3B	Menace
Whenever Scion of Oblivion attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact or creature. If you do, Scion of Oblivion gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEInvoker of the Past	B	common	Creature — Satyr Cleric 	100	B	3B	When Invoker of the Past enters the battlefield, you may exile a card from your graveyard. If you do, choose one—
• Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
• Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHeartless Winnower	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	96	B	4B	2B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDeathchaser Serpent	B	common	Creature — Serpent 	85	B	4B	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Whenever a creature you control dies or an artifact you control is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Deathchaser Serpent.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVengeant Reaver	B	common	Creature — Skeleton Giant 	114	B	4BB	Menace
B, Discard Vengeant Reaver: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGravecrawler Wurm	B	common	Creature — Zombie Wurm 	94	B	6B	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
When Gravecrawler Wurm enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another artifact or creature. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Gravecrawler Wurm.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMark of Oblivion	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	4B	Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEInduce Despair	B	common	Instant	97	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the revealed card’s mana value. (The mana value of a double-faced card is the mana value of its front face.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEInfernal Edict	B	common	Sorcery	98	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWeight of Insignificance	B	common	Instant	115	B	2B	Apex—This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Destroy target creature with power value 3 or less. You gain 3 life.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECommune With the Forbidden	B	common	Sorcery	83	B	1BB	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. You lose 2 life.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERise Again	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEInvoke the Harbinger	B	common	Sorcery	99	B	1BB	Each player mills three cards and each opponent discards two cards. Then you may exile a card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMELace With Potency	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	101	B	1B	Enchant Swamp
Enchanted Swamp has “T, Pay 1 life: Add BB.”			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelic of Exodais	B	common	Artifact	106	B	2B	When Relic of Exodais enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
T: Add B.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGrinning Ignus	R	common	Creature — Elemental 	130	R	2R	R, Return Grinning Ignus to its owner’s hand: Add CCR. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERuthless Invoker	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	148	R	1R	When Ruthless Invoker enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Ruthless Invoker gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAxehead Shark	R	common	Creature — Shark 	119	R	1R	Menace
Apex—Axehead Shark gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEReckless Battledriver	R	common	Creature — Giant 	143	R	2R	Apex—Reckless Battledriver can’t block unless you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	4/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPyremaker	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	141	R	3R	When Pyremaker enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Add RR.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBattlesweeper Giant	R	common	Creature — Giant 	120	R	2RR	1R: Battlesweeper Giant gains your choice of trample, menace, or haste until end of turn.	4/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFrenzied Follower	R	common	Creature — Satyr Warrior 	128	R	4R	Apex—Frenzied Follower has menace as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	5/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEViscous Mangler	R	common	Creature — Kraken 	152	R	3RR	R, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Viscous Mangler gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	3/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESchooling Serpent	R	common	Creature — Serpent 	149	R	5R	Apex—Schooling Serpent gets +2/+2 as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVoltaic Titan	R	common	Creature — Elemental Giant 	154	R	4RR	Whenever Voltaic Titan attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	6/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESquash	R	common	Instant	150	R	4R	This spell costs 3 less to cast if you control a Giant.
Squash deals 6 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPressence of the Mighty	R	common	Sorcery	140	R	1R	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its mana value to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAssert Dominance	R	common	Sorcery	118	R	1RR	Apex—This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and T this turn.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECrushing Weight	R	common	Sorcery	123	R	3R	Destroy target artifact or land. If an artifact or nonbasic land is destroyed this way, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFrenzied Callings	R	common	Sorcery	127	R	RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards and create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDominate the Shallows	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	125	R	2R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
Enchant creature
When Dominate the Shallows enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights up to one target creature you don’t control.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEImbue with Fury	R	common	Instant	133	R	R	Apex—Target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, instead that creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMolten Concoction	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	4R	Choose target creature or planeswalker. Create two tapped Treasure tokens, then Molten Concoction deals damage to the chosen permanent equal to the number of artifacts you control. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelic of Eos	R	common	Artifact	146	R	2R	When Relic of Eos enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target opponent.
T: Add add R.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHarbinger of the Great Ones	G	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	173	G	1G	T: Add one mana of any color.
Apex—Harbinger of the Great Ones gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEInvoker of the Undergrowth	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	174	G	2G	When Invoker of the Undergrowth enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.
G, Exile Invoker of the Undergrowth from your graveyard: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	3/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESerene Animist	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	182	G	2G	Whenever Serene Animist becomes tapped, you gain life equal to its power.	1/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWildwood Waker	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	191	G	1G	1, T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFollowed Protector	G	common	Creature — Elemental Giant 	170	G	3G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)	4/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESeaweaver Serpent	G	common	Creature — Serpent 	181	G	2GG	When Seaweaver Serpent enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESkyward Giant	G	common	Creature — Giant 	184	G	4G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Reach	2/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEManyminded Deathbloom	G	common	Creature — Plant Kraken 	176	G	3GG	Manyminded Deathbloom enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other creature you control.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESerpent of the Grove	G	common	Creature — Serpent 	183	G	4GG	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.)	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGreater Land Serpent	G	common	Creature — Wurm 	172	G	6G		8/8		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFlourishing Giant	G	common	Creature — Giant 	169	G	6GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
When Flourishing Giant enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERuthless Contest	G	common	Instant	180	G	1G	Apex—This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEvoke the Elements	G	common	Sorcery	168	G	3G	Create two 0/1 Plant creature tokens. Then, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVital Infusion	G	common	Instant	189	G	1G	You gain 2 life. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGrapple with the Past	G	common	Instant	171	G	1G	Mill three cards, then you may return a creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERavage the Canopy	G	common	Instant	178	G	1G	Choose one—
• Destroy target artifact.
• Target creature you control fights target creature with flying. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECall for Biotace	G	common	Sorcery	160	G	2G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelic of Biotace	G	common	Artifact	179	G	2G	When Relic of Biotace enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
T: Add G.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEIdol of Inevitability		common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	217	C	2	T: Target player mills a card.
When Idol of Inevitability dies, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	0/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPinnacle of Worship		common	Artifact	220	C	3	Apex—At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, you gain 1 life.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWayfarer's Bauble		common	Artifact	227	C	1	2, T, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Bauble: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETireless Worshiper		common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	224	C	5	T: Add CC.	4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGreat Sentinel		common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	216	C	6		6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEStaff of the Ancients		common	Artifact — Equipment 	222	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Equip 1 (1: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETireless Traveler	W	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	36	W	W	3, T: Until end of turn, you may play up to one basic Plains card from outside the game.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWingminded Warpriest	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	39	W	1WW	Flying
Whenever Wingminded Warpriest becomes tapped, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAmbassador of the Protectors	W	uncommon	Creature — Giant 	2	W	2W	Whenever Ambassador of the Protectors or another Giant enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that Giant has mana value 6 or greater, you may instead put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERestless Wanderer	W	uncommon	Creature — Giant 	31	W	2WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
At the beginning of combat on each turn, tap up to one target creature with power X or less, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.	1/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEternal Prison	W	uncommon	Enchantment	12	W	1WW	When Eternal Prison enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Eternal Prison leaves the battlefield.
Apex—Eternal Prison has indestructible as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEStalwart Solidarity	W	uncommon	Sorcery	34	W	3W	Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token for each nontoken creature you control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMENeverending Persistence	W	uncommon	Enchantment	23	W	1W	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control no creatures, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token. That creature can’t block until your next turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECommunual Offering	W	uncommon	Sorcery	7	W	2W	For each creature you control, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESigns of Protection		uncommon	Land	259	W		2W: Put Signs of Protection from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Signs of Protection enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Accomplished Protector	W	Creature — Giant 	W	4WW	First strike
Apex—Accomplished Protector has vigilance as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	6/3			!landslotREPLACEMEFollowed Path		uncommon	Land	237	W		2W: Put Followed Path from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Followed Path enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Pathmaker	W	Creature — Giant 	W	4WW	Other Giant creatures you control get +1/+1 for each creature you control with mana value 6 or greater.	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMEMonument to the Skybound		uncommon	Land	247	W		2W: Put Monument to the Skybound from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Monument to the Skybound enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Skybound Familiar	W	Creature — Bird 	W	7W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Flying	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMETome Implanter	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	75	U	1U	T, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.	1/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEvergrowing Kraken	U	uncommon	Creature — Kraken 	53	U	2U	Whenever another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
Evergrowing Kraken gets +0/+1 for each tentacle you control.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEKeeper of the Sunken	U	uncommon	Creature — Shark 	58	U	2UU	When Keeper of the Sunken enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Treasures you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add two mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast sea monster spells.” (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGlorious Reward	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	XU	Spend only mana produced by artifacts on X.
Draw X cards.
If X is 0, scry 1 and create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESee the Inevitable	U	uncommon	Instant	71	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
1UU, Exile See the Inevitable from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGlimpse the Deep-Keeper	U	uncommon	Sorcery	55	U	UU	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal up to one sea monster card, up to one nonbasic land card, and up to one artifact card from among them. Put two cards revealed this way into your hand the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESummit of Revelation	U	uncommon	Instant	73	U	1U	Apex—When you cast this spell, copy it if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.
Scry 1, then draw a card.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETribute of Sanity	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	When Tribute of Sanity enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control or an artifact you control leaves the battlefield, you may pay 1. If you do, target player mills two cards.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFrozen Wastes		uncommon	Land	238	U		2U: Put Frozen Wastes from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Frozen Wastes enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Frozen Titan	U	Creature — Elemental Giant 	U	5U	When Frozen Titan enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step for as long as you control Frozen Titan.	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMESeafloor of Shipwrecks		uncommon	Land	258	U		2U: Put Seafloor of Shipwrecks from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Seafloor of Shipwrecks enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Shipwrecker Serpent	U	Creature — Serpent 	U	5UU	When Shipwrecker Serpent enters the battlefield, put target artifact or creature on top of its owner’s library.	6/6			!landslotREPLACEMEChurning Depths		uncommon	Land	232	U		2U: Put Churning Depths from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Churning Depths enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Sanity Churner	U	Creature — Leviathan Horror 	U	4UU	When Sanity Churner enters the battlefield, any number of target players each mill six cards.
When Sanity Churner dies, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard this turn. If that spell would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules still apply.)	3/6			!landslotREPLACEMEExemplary Follower	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	91	B	1B	When Exemplary Follower dies, choose one—
• You gain 2 life.
• Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
• Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFollower of the Inevitable	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	93	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, if three or more permanents you control left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
2B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card.	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFalse Caller	B	uncommon	Creature — Satyr Shaman 	92	B	3B	Whenever False Caller becomes tapped, target player discards a card.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMENightmare's Thirst	B	uncommon	Instant	104	B	B	You gain 1 life. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEUnseal the Vault	B	uncommon	Sorcery	113	B	2BB	Exile target creature or land card from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost. (You may cast the back face of a modal double-faced card this way.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEdge of the Beyond	B	uncommon	Enchantment	87	B	B	1, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEmbrace Oblivion	B	uncommon	Sorcery	88	B	1B	Target player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard. Choose one—
• For each card put into a graveyard this way, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
• For each card put into a graveyard this way, you gain 2 life.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECall to Life	B	uncommon	Sorcery	81	B	XBB	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPool of Blood		uncommon	Land	252	B		2B: Put Pool of Blood from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Pool of Blood enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Bloodletter Demon	B	Creature — Demon 	B	5BB	Flying, lifelink
Whenever you gain life, target opponent loses that much life.	3/6			!landslotREPLACEMEGargantuan Grave		uncommon	Land	239	B		2B: Put Gargantuan Grave from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Gargantuan Grave enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Undying Titan	B	Creature — Skeleton Giant 	B	5B	1B, Sacrifice another artifact or creature: Undying Titan gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. 	5/5			!landslotREPLACEMEHall of Temptations		uncommon	Land	243	B		2B: Put Hall of Temptations from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Hall of Temptations enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Master of Temptations	B	Creature — Demon 	B	4BB	As Master of Temptations enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life. Master of Temptations enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each 1 life paid this way.	0/0			!landslotREPLACEMEPyrewise Master	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	142	R	1R	Trample
Whenever Pyrewise Master deals combat damage to a player, Giant spells you cast cost X less to cast this turn, where X is the amount of damage dealt.
Apex—Pyrewise Master gets +2/+2 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVoltaic Predator	R	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Shark 	153	R	2R	Whenever Voltaic Predator deals noncombat damage to a creature or planeswalker, it deals that much damage to that permanent’s controller.
2R, T: Voltaic Predator deals 1 damage to target creature or planeswalker.	3/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPreparer of Rites	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	139	R	2R	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEFurybringer	R	uncommon	Creature — Giant 	129	R	2RR	Furybringer enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
Apex—T: Put a +1/+1 counter on Furybringer. Then put another +1/+1 counter on Furybringer if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater. Activate only as a sorcery.
T, Remove any number of +1/+1 counters from Furybringer: Add R for each +1/+1 counter removed this way.	0/0		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMelt to Material	R	uncommon	Sorcery	137	R	RR	Melt to Material deals 3 damage to any target.
Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECinder Spree	R	rare	Enchantment	122	R	R	Sacrifice an artifact: Cinder Spree deals 1 damage to any target.
At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Cinder Spree.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEChurn the Tides	R	uncommon	Sorcery	121	R	1RR	Choose one—
• Choose a creature type. For each creature you control of the chosen type, exile the top card of your library.
• For each sea monster you control, exile the top card of your library. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
Until the end of your next turn, you may play cards exiled with Churn the Tides.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelentless Conflict	R	uncommon	Sorcery	144	R	4R	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature you control that it targets.
Target creature fights another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVolcanic Edge		uncommon	Land	265	R		2R: Put Volcanic Edge from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Volcanic Edge enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Erupting Phoenix	R	Creature — Elemental Phoenix 	R	5RR	When Erupting Phoenix enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another permanent. If you do, Erupting Phoenix deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
Flying
When Erupting Phoenix dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library.	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMERavaged Vista		uncommon	Land	255	R		2R: Put Ravaged Vista from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Ravaged Vista enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Slag Titan	R	Artifact Creature — Golem 	R	4RR	Whenever another artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Slag Titan deals 1 damage to each opponent and each planeswalker they control.	5/5			!landslotREPLACEMEGnarled Waves		uncommon	Land	240	R		2R: Put Gnarled Waves from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Gnarled Waves enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Gnarled Octopod	R	Creature — Octopus 	R	5RR	If another creature you control would fight a creature you don’t control, you may instead have the creature you control deal damage equal to its power to the creature you don’t control.
6RR, T: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.	8/4			!landslotREPLACEMEDruid of New Life	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	165	G	1G	Trample
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Druid of New Life.	1/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAnimist Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	156	G	1GG	Whenever Animist Tracker becomes tapped, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEUndying Undergrowth	G	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	188	G	2GG	Undying Undergrowth can’t block.
You may cast Undying Undergrowth from your graveyard if you have gained 3 or more life this turn.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEManyheaded Serpent	G	uncommon	Creature — Hydra Serpent 	175	G	4G	When Manyheaded Serpent enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 green Serpent creature tokens.
At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more tapped creatures, create a 1/1 green Serpent creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDefender of the Vastlands	G	uncommon	Creature — Giant 	163	G	4GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
When Defender of the Vastlands enters the battlefield, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.	4/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAct of the Ancients	G	uncommon	Sorcery	155	G	3G	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Apex—If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, you gain life equal to the number of lands you control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBrilliant Communion	G	uncommon	Enchantment	159	G	4GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESylvan Scrying	G	uncommon	Sorcery	186	G	1G	Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHead of the Woods		uncommon	Land	244	G		2G: Put Head of the Woods from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Head of the Woods enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Walking Woods	G	Creature — Elemental 	G	4GG	Vigilance
T: Add G.
Other creatures you control have “T: Add G.”	4/6			!landslotREPLACEMEPool of Vitality		uncommon	Land	253	G		2G: Put Pool of Vitality from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Pool of Vitality enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Vitalized Kraken	G	Creature — Kraken 	G	4GG	Whenever a creature you don’t control dies, you gain life equal to its mana value if it was dealt damage this turn by a creature you control.	6/4			!landslotREPLACEMEPath of Thorns		uncommon	Land	251	G		2G: Put Path of Thorns from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Path of Thorns enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Thorn Titan	G	Creature — Elemental Giant 	G	8GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
You may have Thorn Titan assign its combat damage as though it weren’t blocked.	7/7			!landslotREPLACEMEGreat Den		uncommon	Land	242	W		2W: Put Great Den from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Great Den enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Keeper of Many Dens	W	Creature — Cat 	W	4WW	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and a +1/+1 counter on Keeper of Many Dens.	2/4			!landslotREPLACEMECascading Fountain		uncommon	Land	231	U		2U: Put Cascading Fountain from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Cascading Fountain enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Cascading Elemental	U	Creature — Elemental 	U	4UU	When Cascading Elemental enters the battlefield, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card with mana value 5 or less. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Put all revealed cards not cast this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMEMurky Waters		uncommon	Land	248	B		2B: Put Murky Waters from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Murky Waters enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		It Beneath the Murk	B	Creature — Leviathan Horror 	B	6BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile any number of cards from your graveyard. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card exiled this way.	6/6			!landslotREPLACEMECarved Peak		uncommon	Land	230	R		2R: Put Carved Peak from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Carved Peak enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Mountaincarver	R	Creature — Giant 	R	5R	When Mountaincarver enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, search your library for an land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	6/5			!landslotREPLACEMEFlowering Grove		uncommon	Land	236	G		2G: Put Flowering Grove from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Flowering Grove enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Flowering Stag	G	Creature — Elemental Elk 	G	5G	When Flowering Stag enters the battlefield, create four 0/1 green Plant creature tokens.	4/4			!landslotREPLACEMEAnimate Offering		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Treasure Golem 	209	C	1	Animate Offering enters the battlefield tapped.
T, Sacrifice Animate Offering: Add one mana of any color.
1, T, Sacrifice Animate Offering: Draw a card.	1/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWorldcrawler Golem		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	228	C	3	When Worldcrawler Golem dies, create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMELiving Landmass		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Bird Golem 	218	C	4	Flying
Spells you cast with mana value 6 or greater cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVoltaic Wurm		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Wurm 	226	C	6	As Voltaic Wurm enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures and/or artifacts. Voltaic Wurm enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECityback Golem		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	213	C	8	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Tap an untapped creature you control: Cityback Golem gains your choice of reach, trample, or vigilance until end of turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECursed Relic		uncommon	Artifact — Treasure 	214	C	1	Cursed Relic enters the battlefield tapped.
T, Sacrifice Cursed Relic: Add one mana of any color.
4, T, Sacrifice Cursed Relic: Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBehemoth Maul		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	212	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.
Whenever a creature with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Behemoth Maul to it.
Equip 3			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETome of the Ancients		uncommon	Artifact	225	C	2	1, T: Scry 1.
Apex—2, T: Draw a card. Activate only if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMESpringleaf Drum		uncommon	Artifact	221	C	1	T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEndless Spoils		uncommon	Artifact	215	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
1, T: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEKeeper of the Splendid	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	19	W	XW	Keeper of the Splendid enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.
Whenever you cast another spell, you gain 1 life for each color of mana spent to cast that spell.	0/0		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHushmaker	W	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	18	W	1WW	Tap an untapped Cleric you control: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature or planeswalker this turn. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEThe Masked Healer	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	21	W	3WW	Vigilance
Tap an untapped creature you control: You gain 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/7		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEdgecrosser	W	rare	Creature — Giant 	10	W	5WW	When Edgecrosser enters the battlefield, each player returns all Giant creature cards from their graveyard to the battlefield.	4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEElistor, Exalted One	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Giant 	11	W	8WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Double strike, vigilance, trample, indestructible	5/10		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEStalwart Instructor	W	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	33	W	2WW	Whenever Stalwart Instructor becomes tapped, untap all other creatures you control.	1/7		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEProsperous Hope	W	rare	Sorcery	25	W	XWW	Create X 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens, then you gain life equal to the number of creatures you control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEArvis, the Tidewaker	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Shark 	41	U	4UU	Each land is an Island in addition to its other land types.
Whenever another sea monster enters the battlefield under you control, create a 1/1 blue Fish creature token. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
UUUUUUUU: Fish and sea monster creatures you control can’t be blocked this turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMELucid Seer	U	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	60	U	1U	2U, Exile Lucid Seer from your graveyard: Choose one—
• Target player mills four cards.
• Draw a card.
• Create a 1/1 blue Fish creature token.
• Put target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard on top of your library.	1/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAdalrad, Concoctopus	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Octopus Shaman 	40	U	2UU	When Adalrad, Concoctopus enters the battlefield, target player mills eight cards.
1U: Exile target instant or sorcery card from a graveyard.
7U, T, Put Adalrad on the bottom of its owner’s library: For each nonalnd card exiled with Adalrad, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	2/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECoralhide Wurm	U	rare	Creature — Wurm 	47	U	4UU	Flash
Coralhide Wurm can’t be countered.
Ward 6 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 6.)	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMELimitless Insight	U	rare	Enchantment	59	U	1UU	Apex—At the beginning of your upkeep, each player draws a card. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, instead only you draw a card.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBident of Kiora	U	rare	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	43	U	2UU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If that creature is a sea monster, you may also put a loyalty counter on each Kiora you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
5U, T: Search your library for a sea monster, nonbasic land, or Kiora planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECommand the Deep	U	rare	Sorcery	45	U	5UU	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
Gain control of target permanent.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEtchweaver	B	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	90	B	1B	1B, T, Sacrifice another permanent: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen—
• Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.
• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken creature.
• Exile all cards from target player’s graveyard.
• You gain 2 life and draw a card.
• Each opponent discards a card.
• Add BBBB.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAgony Caster	B	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	79	B	2BB	Whenever Agony Caster becomes tapped, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is Agony Caster’s power.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGrim Revelation	B	rare	Enchantment	95	B	B	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a rite counter on Grim Revelation.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are 13 or more rite counters on Grim Revelation, you win the game.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPatron of Blood	B	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	105	B	2B	Whenever another creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
At the beginning of each end step, if you gained life this turn, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMalrin, Slaughter-Regent	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Skeleton Giant 	102	B	4BB	Menace
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.
Sacrifice three permanents: Return Malrin, Slaughter-Regent from your graveyard to your hand.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESanguine Devotion	B	rare	Sorcery	110	B	XBBB	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Each opponent loses X life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEUncover the Vault	B	rare	Sorcery	112	B	BB	Choose a card name. Reveal cards from the top of your library until a card with that name is revealed. If it is, you lose life equal to the number of cards revealed this way, put the rest of the revealed cards into your graveyard, and put the card with the chosen name into your hand. Otherwise, shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMERuinator Scourge	R	rare	Creature — Serpent Dragon 	147	R	4RR	Whenever Ruinator Scourge or another sea monster you control attacks, add R. (You lose that mana at the end of the declare attackers step. Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)
R: Target sea monster gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
RRRR: Destroy target artifact.	5/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDisciple of Eos	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	124	R	1R	Haste
Whenever Disciple of Eos attacks, exile the top card of your library.
Whenever Disciple of Eos deals combat damage to a player, you may play cards exiled with Disciple of Eos until end of turn.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEKeeper of Great Flames	R	rare	Creature — Giant 	135	R	4RR	Whenever another nontoken Giant enters the battlefield under your control, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except the token isn’t legendary if that creature is legendary. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVargad , the Golden Titan	R	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Giant 	151	R	5RR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.
Whenever Vargad , the Golden Titan or another artifact creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	7/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMERelentless Mako	R	rare	Creature — Shark 	145	R	2RR	Haste
Whenever Relentless Mako attacks, it fights another target creature.	4/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEmbers of Creation	R	rare	Sorcery	126	R	XRR	Choose one—
• Embers of Creation deals X damage to each creature.
• Create X tapped Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEIntimidation Tactics	R	rare	Enchantment	134	R	1RR	Whenever Intimidation Tactics or a creature you control with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, gain control of target creature you don’t control until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEGorod, the Walking City	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur 	197	WG	6GW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Vigilance
Gorod, the Walking City’s power and toughness are each equal to twice the number of creatures you control.	*/*		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMaster Reshaper	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	177	G	1G	G, T, Return a land you control to its owner’s hand: Put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	2/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDaunting Titan	G	rare	Creature — Elemental Giant 	162	G	1GG	Daunting Titan and other creatures you control can’t be blocked by creatures with lesser mana value.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDirector of Rebirth	G	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	164	G	2G	1G, T, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature or land card and exile it. Until end of turn, you may cast a spell from among cards exiled with Director of Rebirth with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery. (You may cast the back face of a modal double-faced card this way.)	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEArchdruid	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	157	G	GGGG	This spell costs G less to cast for each Druid you control.
When Archdruid enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control.
Tap two untapped Druids you control: Search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMassive Scale	R	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	136	R	2R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has menace, and has mana value X, where X is 6 plus its base mana value.
Whenever a creature with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Massive Scale from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEssence-Flooded Serpent	G	rare	Creature — Serpent 	167	G	4GG	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life.
Essence-Flooded Serpent can’t be blocked by creatures with power less than the amount of life you gained this turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAnger to Remorse	W	rare	Instant	3	W	WWW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEnigma Field	U	rare	Enchantment	51	U	4U	Each noncreature artifact you control is an artifact creature with base power and toughness 3/3. (Equipment that’s a creature can’t equip a creature.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEArisen Insanity	B	rare	Sorcery	80	B	1B	Mill two cards. When you do, destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than the number of cards in your graveyard.
3BB, Exile Arisen Insanity from your graveyard: Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBlind Bashing	G	rare	Sorcery	158	G	3GG	Until end of turn, target creature gets +3/+3 and gains “Whenever this creature is dealt damage, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.” Then it fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEnd the End	G	rare	Sorcery	166	G	GG	Permanents your opponents control lose hexproof and indestructible until end of turn. 
Until end of turn, whenever a permanent dealt noncombat damage by a creature you control this turn dies, draw a card.
Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPresence of Greatness	W	mythic	Enchantment	24	W	1WW	Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 5 or greater.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 10 life if you control a creature with mana value 10 or greater
You and other permanents you control have protection from opponents if you control a creature with mana value 15 or greater. (They can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything controlled by those players.)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWisdom Quantifier	U	rare	Artifact	78	U	2U	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may pay 1. If you do, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEDoom to Inferiority	B	rare	Sorcery	86	B	4B	Destroy all creatures with mana value less than target creature’s mana value.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAncient Aria	R	mythic	Enchantment	117	R	3R	At the beginning of your upkeep, if creatures you control have total mana value 5 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards. Then if creatures you control have total mana value 10 or greater, return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand. Then Ancient Aria deals 20 damage to each opponent if creatures you control have total mana value 20 or greater.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEChord of Calling	G	rare	Instant	161	G	XGGG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPinnacle of Origin		rare	Artifact	219	C	3	As Pinnacle of Origin enters the battlefield, choose a creature type. (Sea monster is not a creature type.)
Whenever you cast a spell of the chosen type, put a charge counter on Pinnacle of Origin.
Spells of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast for each charge counter on Pinnacle of Origin.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEThought Replicator		rare	Artifact	223	C	4	When Thought Replicator enters the battlefield, exile all cards from your hand until Thought Replicator leaves the battlefield.
0: Put a nonland card you own exiled with Thought Replicator into your hand. Create a copy of the card. You may cast the copy. (You still pay its costs.)
T: Put a land card you own exiled with Thought Replicator into your hand. Create a token that’s a copy of it. You can’t play lands this turn. Activate only if you haven’t played a land this turn and only as a sorcery.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAwakened Attendant		rare	Artifact Creature — Golem 	210	C	2	Apex—At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, create a token that’s a copy of Awakened Attendant.	2/2		normal	AMP		REPLACEMENuvan, the Deep-Favored	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	63	URG	1UU	Whenever a sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 3. If you do and U was spent this way, draw a card. If you do and R was spent this way, that creature deals damage equal to its power to each opponent. If you do and G was spent this way, you gain life equal to its power. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters. Do each applicable effect if UR, RG, GU, or GUR was spent.)	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMt. Skyshred	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elemental 	203	RG	6RG	You may pay RG rather than this spell’s mana cost. If you do, it enters the battlefield tapped with five slumber counters on it.
As long as Mt. Skyshred has a slumber counter on it, it’s a land. (It’s not a creature.)
Whenever Mt. Skyshred becomes tapped, you may remove a slumber counter for it.
T: Add R or G.	8/8		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEThrone of Amplalo		rare	Legendary Land	261	C		T: Add C, then add an additional C for each creature you control with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEAutochthon Wurm	WG	rare	Creature — Wurm 	193	WG	10GGGWW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Trample	9/14		normal	AMP		REPLACEMELoa, The All-Caller	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	20	WRG	W	When Loa, The All-Caller enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Giant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.
1, T: Until end of turn, Giant spells you cast cost RGW less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.	1/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEPulai, Esteemed Honorer	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	26	W	1W	Whenever Pulai, Esteemed Honorer becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever a creature Pulai convoked enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/1		normal	AMP		REPLACEMENormungan, Shelled Scourge	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Trilobite 	62	U	8UU	This spell can’t be countered.
Normungan, Shelled Scourge, Crabs, and other Trilobites you control are sea monsters.
When Normungan enters the battlefield, create a 0/2 blue Trilobite creature token for each Island you control.
Sacrifice another sea monster: Target creature gains hexproof until end of turn.	8/8		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEon Swallower	U	mythic	Creature — Leviathan 	52	U	4UU	Eon Swallower doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
Untap Eon Swallower during each other player’s untap step.
Whenever Eon Swallower deals combat damage to a player, that player skips their next turn.	6/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEEssence Etcher	B	mythic	Creature — Demon 	89	B	1B	Essence Etcher’s power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus your starting life total minus your life total.
When Essence Etcher enters the battlefield, if it has toughness 0 or less, search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.	1+*/1+*		normal	AMP		REPLACEMECycle's End	B	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	84	B	4BB	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a doom counter on Cycle’s End, then each player sacrifices X permanents, where X is the number of doom counters on Cycle’s End.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHuro, the Ash-Reader	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	132	R	3RR	Whenever a creature or planeswalker an opponent controls is dealt excess noncombat damage, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to the excess.
XRR, T: Huro, the Ash-Reader deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEHavoc Rush	R	uncommon	Enchantment	131	R	1R	When Havoc Rush enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each artifact and/or creature you’ve sacrificed this turn.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEWorldtender	G	mythic	Creature — Human Druid 	192	G	2GG	Vigilance
T: Add G for each creature you control.	1/4		normal	AMP		REPLACEMESpellgorger Tyrano	G	mythic	Creature — Dinosaur 	185	G	4GG	This spell can’t be countered.
Trample
Excess damage Spellgorger Tyrano deals while fighting is dealt to that creature’s controller instead.
Whenever a creature or creature spell you control becomes the target of a spell or ability you don’t control, up to one target opponent who controls no creatures creates a 2/2 green Wolf creature token. Then Spellgorger Tyrano fights up to one target creature you don’t control.	6/5		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEBeacon of Greatness		mythic	Legendary Artifact	211	WUBRG	4	When Beacon of Greatness enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Legendary spells you cast cost WUBRG less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.
Nonlegendary creatures you control get +1/+1 for each legendary creature you control.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMETotal Devotion		mythic	Legendary Enchantment	1	C		Before you shuffle your deck to start the game, you may put up to one card named Total Devotion from outside the game onto the battlefield. If you do, you can’t cast spells with mana value 5 or less this game.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one that hasn’t been chosen—
• Create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.
• Create two tapped Treasure tokens.
• Total Devotion deals 2 damage to any target.
• Draw a card.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMEE'Sol, Radiant One	WR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — E’Sol 	195	WR	4RW			As long as it’s your turn, E’Sol, Radiant One is a Giant creature with indestructible that’s still a planeswalker. He has power and toughness equal to the highest mana value among permanents you control.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to E’Sol, Radiant One during your turn.
[+2]: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until end of turn and it costs 2 less to cast.
[-4]: E’Sol, Radiant One gains lifelink until end of turn. If he’s a creature, he deals damage equal to his power to target creature you don’t control.	planeswalker	AMP	6	REPLACEMESacred Valley		rare	Legendary Land	256	W		2W: Put Sacred Valley from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Sacred Valley enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		M'Kuya, Sacred One	W	Legendary Creature — Giant Avatar 	W	5WW	Whenever another nontoken Giant creature enters the battlefield under your control, create a 5/5 white Giant Warrior creature token.
5WW, T: Giant creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	7/7			!landslotREPLACEMEEverlasting Typhoon		rare	Legendary Land	235	U		2U: Put Everlasting Typhoon from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Everlasting Typhoon enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Sturmstrik, Typhoon-Bringer	U	Legendary Creature — Kraken Avatar 	U	6UU	Whenever Sturmstrik, Typhoon-Bringer or another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, tap up to one target creature. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step for as long as you control Sturmstrik. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	8/8			!landslotREPLACEMEThe Soul Cages		rare	Legendary Land	260	B		2B: Put The Soul Cages from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
The Soul Cages enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Henzen, the Soulkeeper	B	Legendary Creature — Demon Avatar 	B	4BBB	Flying
When Henzen, the Soulkeeper enters the battlefield, you can’t cast spells this turn.
You may cast spells from your hand by paying life equal to their mana value rather than paying their mana costs.	7/7			!landslotREPLACEMEScourged Grounds		rare	Legendary Land	257	R		2R: Put Scourged Grounds from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Scourged Grounds enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Almax, the Scourge-Tyrant	R	Legendary Creature — Dragon Avatar 	R	6RR	Flying
Sacrifice thee permanents: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	8/8			!landslotREPLACEMEEnduring Elevation		rare	Legendary Land	234	G		2G: Put Enduring Elevation from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Enduring Elevation enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Stord, Endurance Incarnate	G	Legendary Creature — Turtle Avatar 	G	6GG	Defender
Each other creature you control gets +0/+X, where X is that creature’s base toughness.
At the beginning of each end step, you gain 2 life for each damaged creature you control.	2/20			!landslotREPLACEMEPath of Ruin		rare	Legendary Land	250	C		3: Put Path of Ruin from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Path of Ruin enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.			modal double faced	AMP		Drund, the Ruinator-Titan		Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem Avatar 	C	12	Protection from multicolored (This permanent can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything multicolored.)
When Drund, the Ruinator-Titan enters or leaves the battlefield, choose a land of each basic land type, then destroy those lands.	12/12			!landslotREPLACEMEPredator's Den		rare	Legendary Land	254	R		2R: Put Predator’s Den from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Predator’s Den enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Ripsnap, Apex Predator	R	Legendary Creature — Beast Avatar 	R	6RR	Whenever Ripsnap, Apex Predator or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	6/6			!landslotREPLACEMEBed of the Sun		rare	Legendary Land	229	W		2W: Put Bed of the Sun from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Bed of the Sun enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Solborn	W	Legendary Creature — Giant Avatar 	W	6WW	When Solborn enters the battlefield, you may have your life total become equal to the greatest mana value among permanents you control.
Solborn’s power and toughness are each equal to your life total.	*/*			!landslotREPLACEMEGorged Trench		rare	Legendary Land	241	U		2U: Put Gorged Trench from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Gorged Trench enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Gulch, the Deep-Gorger	U	Legendary Creature — Leviathan Avatar 	U	6UU	As Gulch, the Deep-Gorger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of land cards, exile them, then shuffle. If you do, Gulch enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each land card exiled this way. Otherwise, Gulch enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.
Ward 3	0/0			!landslotREPLACEMEThrone of Bones		rare	Legendary Land	262	B		2B: Put Throne of Bones from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Throne of Bones enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Skixlot, the Bone-King	B	Legendary Creature — Skeleton Avatar 	B	4BB	Skixlot, the Bone-King enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.
B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Skixlot, the Bone-King.
B, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Skixlot, the Bone-King: Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.	0/0			!landslotREPLACEMECradle of Evergrowth		rare	Legendary Land	233	G		2G: Put Cradle of Evergrowth from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Cradle of Evergrowth enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Zorgaz the Unsurpassable	G	Legendary Creature — Hydra Avatar 	G	X4GG	Zorgaz the Unsurpassable enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
As long as Zorgaz is on the battlefield, its mana value is equal to 6 plus the number of +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your end step, if Zorgaz has the greatest mana value among creatures on the battlefield, draw a card.	6/6			!landslotREPLACEMETomb of the Slain		mythic	Legendary Land	263	W		2W: Put Tomb of the Slain from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Tomb of the Slain enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.
T: Return Tomb of the Slain to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Xiphaes, Eternal Slayer	W	Legendary Creature — Colossus 	W	13WW	This spell can’t be countered.
Vigilance, indestructible
When Xiphaes, Eternal Slayer enters the battlefield, exile any number of target nonland permanents with total mana value 15 or less.	15/15			!landslotREPLACEMEMaw of the Deep		mythic	Legendary Land	246	U		2U: Put Maw of the Deep from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Maw of the Deep enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.
T: Return Maw of the Deep to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Abussaee, Deep Unleahed	U	Legendary Creature — Colossus 	U	13UU	Abussaee, Deep Unleahed is a sea monster.
This spell can’t be countered.
Hexproof, indestructible
When Abussaee enters the battlefield, draw seven cards. Until end of turn, you may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for non-Colossus sea monster spells you cast. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	12/12			!landslotREPLACEMEVault of the End		mythic	Legendary Land	264	B		2B: Put Vault of the End from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Vault of the End enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.
T: Return Vault of the End to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Exodais, Harbinger of Ends	B	Legendary Creature — Colossus 	B	13BB	This spell can’t be countered.
Flying, indestructible
When Exodais, Harbinger of Ends enters the battlefield, destroy all creatures. Draw a card for each creature destroyed this way.	13/13			!landslotREPLACEMENexus of the Beginning		mythic	Legendary Land	249	R		2R: Put Nexus of the Beginning from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Nexus of the Beginning enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.
T: Return Nexus of the Beginning to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Eos, Forger of Beginnings	R	Legendary Creature — Colossus 	R	13RR	This spell can’t be countered.
Haste, indestructible
When Eos, Forger of Beginnings enters the battlefield, exile half your library, rounded down.
You may play cards exiled with Eos.
When Eos leaves the battlefield, shuffle any number of face-up exiled cards you own into your library.	12/12			!landslotREPLACEMEHeart of the World		mythic	Legendary Land	245	G		2G: Put Heart of the World from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)
Heart of the World enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.
T: Return Heart of the World to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Biotace, World Awoken	G	Legendary Creature — Colossus 	G	13GG	This spell can’t be countered.
Trample, indestructible
When Biotace, World Awoken enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Biotace’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.	*/*			!landslotREPLACEMEGulcux, Acolyte of Ends	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Gulcux 	198	BG	2BG			[+1]: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.
[-X]: Return target creature or land card with mana value X from your graveyard to the battlefield. (The mana value of a double-faced card is the mana value of its front face.)
[-7]: Destroy all nonland permanents. You get an emblem with “At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return a creature or land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.”	planeswalker	AMP	4	REPLACEMEKiora, Caller of the Deep	UG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kiora 	201	UG	1GU			Sea monster spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
[+1]: Untap target permanent you control. You may return that permanent to its owner’s hand.
[-1]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
[-10]: Search your library for any number of sea monster cards and any number of land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle. Add five G and five U.	planeswalker	AMP	3	REPLACEMEAmulet of Vigor		rare	Artifact	208	C	1	Whenever a permanent enters the battlefield tapped and under your control, untap it.			normal	AMP		REPLACEMECrafty Octopod	U	common	Creature — Octopus 	49	U	3U		1/8		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEMurkwater Lurker	U	common	Creature — Serpent 	61	U	4UU	Apex—Murkwater Lurker has hexproof as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	5/6		normal	AMP		REPLACEMEVitalizing Boon	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	190	G	2G	Enchant creature
When Vitalizing Boon enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to enchanted creature’s mana value.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample.			normal	AMP		REPLACEME