Myr Drafter	WU	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Myr 	177	WU	1WU	Whenever you cast an artifact spell, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token.
W, Tap three untapped artifacts you control: Create a token that’s a copy of a token you control.
U, Tap three untapped artifacts you control: Draw a card.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMENyxborn Seraph	WB	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Angel 	180	WB	5WB	Flying, lifelink
Ward—Pay 3 life (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3 life.)
Channel — 3WB, Discard Nyxborn Seraph: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	5/5		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEBoros Exemplar	WR	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	170	WR	XRW	When Boros Exemplar enters the battlefield, choose X. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Boros Exemplar gains haste until end of turn.
• Put a flying counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a first strike counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a vigilance counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a lifelink counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a menace counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a trample counter on Boros Exemplar.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on Boros Exemplar.	3/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEsika's Blessing	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	173	WG	1GW	When Esika’s Blessing enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Cat creature token.
Creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESphinx of the Unsolvable Riddle	UB	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sphinx 	183	UB	4UB	Flying
When Sphinx of the Unsolvable Riddle enters the battlefield, return target non-Sphinx card from your graveyard to your hand.
Cycling XUB (XUB, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Sphinx of the Unsolvable Riddle, counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays X.	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPerfect Storm	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	181	UR	1UR	Choose one for each spell you’ve cast this turn (including this spell). You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Perfect Storm deals 1 damage to any target.
• Target player mills three cards.
• Create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEBurst from Below	BR	uncommon	Instant	171	BR	BR	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEUndercity Renewal	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	184	BG	BG	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
Dredge 3 (If you would draw a card, you may mill three cards instead. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMaelstrom Scion	RG	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	176	RG	6RG	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
When Maelstrom Scion enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain trample and haste until end of turn.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEWorldbond	UG	uncommon	Legendary Enchantment	186	UG	GU	Whenever a nonland permanent you control not named Worldbond produces mana, add one mana of any type that permanent produced.
XGU, Sacrifice Worldbond: Create an X/X green Beast creature token. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDisenchantment Priest	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	6	W	W	When Disenchantment Priest enters the battlefield, you may cast a copy of a card named Disenchant. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply. It’s an instant that costs 1W. It has “Destroy target artifact or enchantment.”)	1/1		normal	EH1		GarthREPLACEMEDistinguished Bladesmith	W	common	Creature — Cat Artificer 	7	W	W	When Distinguished Bladesmith enters the battlefield, you may attach target Equipment you control to target creature you control.	2/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMyr Signaler	W	common	Artifact Creature — Myr 	19	W	1W	Flash
When Myr Signaler enters the battlefield, untap up to one target nonland permanent you control.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEldrazi Communer		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	8	W	1W	Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Eldrazi Communer enters the battlefield, you may pay 8. If you do, create eight 1/1 colorless Eldrazi Scion creature tokens. They have “Sacrifice this creature: Add C.” Otherwise, create one of those tokens.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEWarrior's Blade	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	35	W	1W	When Warrior’s Blade enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token, then attach Warrior’s Blade to it.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip 2 (2: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEsper Innovator	W	common	Artifact Creature — Human Artificer 	10	W	2W	When Esper Innovator enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESymbiotic Skeleton	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	30	W	2W	Living weapon (When this Equipment enters, create a 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.
Equip 5			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMyr Liberator	W	common	Artifact Creature — Myr 	18	W	3W	When Myr Liberator enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.	2/2		adventure	EH1		Inspired Uprising	W	Instant — Adventure 	W	2WW	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. (Then exile this card. You may cast the artifact later from exile.)				REPLACEMELieutenant of Bladehold	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	14	W	2WW	Battle cry (Whenever this creature attacks, each other attacking creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.)
When Lieutenant of Bladehold enters the battlefield, populate. (Create a token that’s a copy of a creature token you control.)	3/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEResourceful Officer	W	common	Creature — Viashino Soldier 	21	W	4W	When Resourceful Officer enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from among them onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESoulblade Samurai	W	common	Enchantment Creature — Samurai 	25	W	4WW	Vigilance
When Soulblade Samurai enters the battlefield, exile target creature or planeswalker until Soulblade Samurai leaves the battlefield.
Plainscycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMERighteous Range		common	Land — Plains 	231	W		(T: Add W.)
Righteous Range enters the battlefield tapped.
1W, T, Sacrifice Righteous Range: Righteous Range deals 2 damage to target tapped creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMERift Containment	W	common	Enchantment	22	W	2W	When Rift Containment enters the battlefield, exile another target nonland permanent until Rift Containment leaves the battlefield.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEminent Domain	W	common	Sorcery	9	W	W	This spell costs 4 more to cast if it targets a creature.
Destroy target nonland permanent. Its controller creates a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChromatic Boon	W	common	Instant	4	WUBRG	W	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains protection from the color of your choie until end of turn.
Cycling WUBRG (WUBRG, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Chromatic Boon, target creature you control gets +5/+5 and gains protection from everything until end of turn. (That creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything until end of turn.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESpiritual Awakening	W	common	Sorcery	27	W	W	Kicker 4 (You may pay an additional 4 as you cast this spell.)
Exile a creature or planeswalker you control. If Spiritual Awakening was kicked, you may instead exile a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard. Then return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEConsideration Mage	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	39	U	U	When Consideration Mage enters the battlefield, you may cast a copy of a card named Consider. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply. It’s an instant that costs U. It has “Surveil 1. Draw a card.”)	1/1		normal	EH1		GarthREPLACEMEFlight Engineer	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Human Artificer 	44	U	1U	Whenever you cast a spell, put a flying counter on Flight Engineer.
Remove three counters from Flight Engineer: Draw a card.	1/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEldrazi Envisioner		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	41	U	1U	Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Eldrazi Envisioner enters the battlefield, you may pay 8. If you do, draw four cards. Otherwise, draw a card.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESalvage Search	U	common	Sorcery	59	U	2U	Create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token, a Treasure token, and a Clue token. (A Treasure is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.” A Clue is an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEThundering Flock	U	common	Creature — Bird 	63	U	2U	Flying
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. Copies become tokens.)	1/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETooth Snatcher	U	common	Creature — Faerie 	65	U	3U	Flying
When Tooth Snatcher enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.	3/3		adventure	EH1		Take the Tooth	U	Instant — Adventure 	U	U	Return target noncreature, nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. (Then exile this card. You may cast the artifact later from exile.)				REPLACEMEParadox Elemental	U	common	Creature — Elemental 	55	U	3U	Flash
When Paradox Elemental enters the battlefield, untap up to four lands.	1/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMECrossland Transport	U	common	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	40	U	5UU	Flying
Channel — U, Discard Crossland Transport: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEmbodiment of Arcana	U	rare	Creature — Avatar 	42	U	7UU	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)
Ward X, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards exiled with Embodiment of Arcana.
Embodiment of Arcana’s power and toughness are each equal to the total mana value of instant and sorcery cards exiled with it.
Whenever Embodiment of Arcana attacks, you may cast an instant or sorcery card from among the cards exiled with it without paying that spell’s mana cost.	*/*		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGitaxian Advancement	U	common	Sorcery	47	U	H/U	(H/U can be paid with either U or 2 life.)
Draw a card.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDisperse	U	common	Instant	68	U	1U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			fuse split	EH1		Dissolve	U	Instant	U	1UU	Counter target spell. Scry 1.				REPLACEMEReason of Insanity	U	common	Instant	57	U	U	Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 1.
Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, counter that spell instead.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChromatic Visions	U	common	Instant	38	WUBRG	1U	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Cycling WUBRG (WUBRG, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Chromatic Visions, look at the top seven cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand, up to one on top of your library, and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. (Do this before you draw.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMETreasured Thoughts	U	common	Sorcery	66	U	7U	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Draw three cards.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEImpeding Sea		common	Land — Island 	221	U		(T: Add U.)
Impeding Sea enters the battlefield tapped.
1U, T, Sacrifice Impeding Sea: Tap target nonland permanent and put three stun counters on it. Activate only as a sorcery. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEFiddle Box	U	common	Artifact	43	U	1U	T: Untap target nonland permanent not named Fiddle Box.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDuressing Spy	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	77	B	B	When Duressing Spy enters the battlefield, you may cast a copy of a card named Duress. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply. It’s a sorcery that costs B. It has “Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.”)	1/1		normal	EH1		GarthREPLACEMEEidolon of the Waning Moon	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	80	B	2B	When Eidolon of the Waning Moon enters or leaves the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMacabre Militia	B	common	Sorcery	86	B	1B	Mill cards equal to the amount of mana spent to cast this spell. Create a number of 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens equal to the half the number of creature cards milled this way, rounded up.
Flashback 4B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEldrazi Siphoner		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	81	B	2B	Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Eldrazi Siphoner enters the battlefield, you may pay 7. If you do, each opponent loses 5 life. Otherwise, each opponent loses 2 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.	2/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMortapiller	B	common	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Insect 	88	B	1B	Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life.	1/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAzra Necromancer	B	common	Creature — Azra Wizard 	70	B	3B	When Azra Necromancer enters the battlefield, you may return target non-Azra creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		adventure	EH1		Bury the Competition	B	Sorcery — Adventure 	B	B	Any number of target players each mill three cards. (Then exile this card. You may cast the artifact later from exile.)				REPLACEMEOrzhov Automaton	B	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	90	B	3B	When Orzhov Automaton dies, create four Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	4/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEInsatiable Invader		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	83	B	4B	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
You may cast Insatiable Invader from your graveyard.	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPhyrexian Gearhulk	B	common	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Construct 	94	B	5BB	Menace, indestructible	5/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPhyrexian Culling	B	uncommon	Sorcery	93	B	H/BH/BH/BH/B	(H/B can be paid with either B or 2 life.)
Destroy target creature, enchantment, or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPhyrexian Consumption	B	common	Sorcery	92	B	B	Multikicker H/B (You may pay an additional H/B any number of times as you cast this spell. H/B can be paid with either B or 2 life.)
Until end of turn, target creature gets -2/-2 plus an additional -1/-1 for each time this spell was kicked.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDespised Bog		common	Land — Swamp 	219	B		(T: Add B.)
Despised Bog enters the battlefield tapped.
1B, T, Sacrifice Despised Bog: Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature or planeswalker card from it. That player discards that card. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEUntold Secrets	B	common	Sorcery	99	B	B	You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Flashback B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMENecrotic Oblivion		common	Instant	89	B	1B	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Target opponent exiles a creature they control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChromatic Salvage	B	common	Instant	72	WUBRG	B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Cycling WUBRG (WUBRG, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Chromatic Salvage, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMELife Debt	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	85	B	3B	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a creature you control.
Flash
Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMELava Elemental	R	common	Creature — Elemental 	117	R	R	When Lava Elemental enters the battlefield, you may cast a copy of a card named Lava Spike. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply. It’s an Arcane sorcery that costs R. It has “This spell deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.”)	1/1		normal	EH1		GarthREPLACEMERift Anomaly	R	common	Creature — Elemental 	124	R	R	Haste
Whenever Rift Anomaly attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each spell you’ve cast this turn.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEShard Golem	R	common	Artifact Creature — Treasure Golem 	130	R	1R	When Shard Golem enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
T, Sacrifice Shard Golem: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMERubble Rummager	R	common	Creature — Goblin Berserker 	126	R	1R	Riot (This creature enters with your choice of a +1/+1 counter or haste.)
Whenever Rubble Rummager attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEldrazi Imbuer		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	110	R	2R	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Haste
When Eldrazi Imbuer enters the battlefield, you may pay 7. If you do, target creature gets +10/+0 and gains trample until end of turn. Otherwise, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDisciple of Keral Keep	R	common	Creature — Human Monk 	108	R	2R	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Disciple of Keral Keep enters the battlefield, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChaos Sledge	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	104	R	3R	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
When Chaos Sledge enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 red Rebel creature token, then you may attach Chaos Sledge to a creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has haste.
Equip 3			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEScrap Golem	R	common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	127	R	3R	Menace
Scrap Golem gets +1/+0 for each other artifact you control.	3/4		adventure	EH1		Fresh Salvage	R	Instant — Adventure 	R	R	Create a Treasure token. (Then exile this card. You may cast the artifact later from exile.)				REPLACEMEConscripted Battle-Chair	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	106	R	4R	Living weapon (When this Equipment enters, create a 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)
Equipped creature gets +4/+4 and has trample and haste.
Equip 6			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESiege Titan	R	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	131	R	6RR	First strike, haste
When Siege Titan enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPossibility Outbreak	R	common	Sorcery	121	R	1R	Create a 2/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChromatic Storm	R	common	Instant	105	WUBRG	R	Chromatic Storm deals 2 damage to any target.
Cycling WUBRG (WUBRG, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Chromatic Storm, you may have it deal 5 damage to any target.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMETormenting Peaks		common	Land — Mountain 	244	R		(T: Add R.)
Tormenting Peaks enters the battlefield tapped.
1R, T, Sacrifice Tormenting Peaks, Discard a card: Draw two cards. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEVial of Catalyst	R	common	Artifact	134	R	1R	When Vial of Catalyst enters the battlefield, draw a card.
T, Sacrifice Vial of Catalyst: Add RR.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMERain of Debris	R	common	Sorcery	123	R	1R	This spell costs 2 more to cast if it targets a basic land.
Destroy target artifact or land.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEElvish Shineseeker	G	common	Creature — Elf Druid 	144	G	1G	T: Untap target permanent with a mana ability.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMECropspinner Druid	G	common	Creature — Elf Druid 	139	G	G	When Cropspinner Druid enters the battlefield, you may cast a copy of a card named Crop Rotation. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply. It’s an instant that costs G. It has “As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.” and “Search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.”)	1/1		normal	EH1		GarthREPLACEMEElvish Conduit	G	common	Creature — Elf Druid 	143	G	1G	When Elvish Conduit enters the battlefield, the next spell you cast this turn has convoke. (Your creatures can help cast that spell. Each creature you tap while casting that spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEOutlands Taskmaster	G	common	Creature — Elf Artificer 	156	G	2G	Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)
Outlands Taskmaster and other creatures you control can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETerraformed Elemental	G	common	Creature — Elemental 	163	G	5G	Affinity for lands (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land you control.)
Trample	4/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEldrazi Amplifier		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	142	G	3G	Devoid (This card has no color.)
When Eldrazi Amplifier enters the battlefield, you may pay 6. If you do, distribute seven +1/+1 counters among creatures you control. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGolgari Growthmage	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	150	G	3G	Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, you may mill two cards instead. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand.)	4/3		adventure	EH1		Persistent Growth	G	Sorcery — Adventure 	G	1G	Create two 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens. (Then exile this card. You may cast the artifact later from exile.)				REPLACEMESpawning Spider	G	common	Creature — Spider 	161	G	4G	Reach
When Spawning Spider enters the battlefield, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach for each creature card in your graveyard.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	1/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChaotic Dreadmaw	G	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	136	G	4GG	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
When Chaotic Dreadmaw enters the battlefield, put a trample counter on target creature.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMECarnage Colossus	G	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	135	G	8GG	Carnage Colossus can’t be countered.
Trample, hexproof	10/10		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETriumph of the Monstrous	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	G	Until end of turn, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains trample and toxic 1. (Players dealt combat damage by that creature also get a poison counter.) (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)
Overload 2GG (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMonstrous Outbreak	G	common	Sorcery	155	G	1G	Choose one—
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Monstrous Outbreak deals damage to target creature equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPreying Ground		common	Land — Forest 	229	G		(T: Add G.)
Preying Ground enters the battlefield tapped.
1G, T, Sacrifice Preying Ground: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDrill Deep	G	common	Sorcery	140	G	G	Choose creature or land. Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card of the chosen type. If you reveal a card of the chosen type this way, put that card into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. Otherwise, shuffle your library.
Flashback 1G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEChromatic Voyage	G	common	Instant	137	WUBRG	1G	Mill four cards. You may put a land card from among the milled cards onto the battlefield tapped.
Cycling WUBRG (WUBRG, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Chromatic Voyage, mill four cards. You may put a permanent card from among the milled cards onto the battlefield tapped. (Do this before you draw.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGlissa's Intervention	G	common	Instant	148	G	G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller gains life equal to its mana value.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPrototype Myr		common	Artifact Creature — Myr 	205	C	0		1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEReality Splinterer		common	Creature — Eldrazi 	3	C	3	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
Sacrifice Reality Splinterer: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMyr Squadron		common	Artifact Creature — Myr 	199	C	8	When Myr Squadron enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.
Whenever Myr Squadron attacks, it gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of other artifact creatures you control.	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPhyrexian Armor		common	Artifact — Equipment 	203	C	1	Kicker 5 (You may pay an additional 5 as you cast this spell.)
When Phyrexian Armor enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, create a 0/0 black Phyrexian Germ creature token, then attach Phyrexian Armor to it.
Equipped creature gets +6/+6.
Equip 6			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPurified Marauder		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	206	C	X	Purified Marauder enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESpirit of the Armory	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	26	W	1W	Bestow 3W (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)
Whenever an Aura or Equipment enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach it to Spirit of the Armory or the creature Spirit of the Armory is enchanting.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEvangel of Rebirth	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	11	W	W	3W, Exile Evangel of Rebirth: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDisciple of the Dawn	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Giant 	5	W	6WW	Vigilance
Other permanents you control with two or more card types have indestructible. (The card types are artifact, battle, creature, enchantment, instant, land, planeswalker, sorcery, and tribal.)	8/8		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStoneforged Simulacrum	W	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	29	W	2W	When Stoneforged Simulacrum enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever Stoneforged Simulacrum becomes attached to a creature, you may exile an equipment card from your hand. If you do, Stoneforged Simulacrum becomes a copy of that equipment until it becomes unattached from that creature.
Equip 1W			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGlimmerguff	W	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	13	W	3W	When Glimmerguff enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.
Evoke—Sacrifice a creature. (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESerran Armor	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Equipment Angel 	24	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance
Equipped creature gets +4/+4, has flying and vigilance, and is an Angel in addition to its other types.
Reconfigure 5 (5: Attach to target creature you control; or unattach from a creature. Reconfigure only as a sorcery. While attached, this isn’t a creature.)	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMetallic Genesis	W	uncommon	Sorcery	16	W	XXW	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)
Create X 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESteel Oversoul	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	28	W	4WW	Other creatures you control get +2/+2.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETrostani's Grasp	W	uncommon	Instant	33	W	2W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Exile target creature or planeswalker. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMuster Support	W	uncommon	Sorcery	17	W	2WW	Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal any number of nonland permanent cards with mana value 3 or less from among them and put the revealed cards into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMETidal Mage	U	uncommon	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	64	U	U	Sacrifice Tidal Mage: Until end of turn, whenever you tap an Island for mana, add an additional U.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMyr Conduit	U	common	Artifact Creature — Myr 	54	U	1U	When Myr Conduit enters the battlefield, the next spell you cast this turn has affinity for artifacts. (That spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEVenser the Restorer	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	67	U	3U	Flash
When Venser the Restorer enters the battlefield, exile another target spell, creature, or planeswalker. At the beginning of the next end step, if that card isn’t a land, its owner may cast it without paying its mana cost.	3/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMulti-Manufacturer	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Artificer 	53	U	4U	When Multi-Manufacturer enters the battlefield, create a token that’s a copy of target non-Artificer artifact you control.
Channel — 2U, Discard Multi-Manufacturer: Create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMechanized Legion	U	common	Sorcery	51	U	4UU	Create three 0/0 Construct artifact creature tokens with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESet to the Start	U	uncommon	Sorcery	60	U	1U	Replicate 1 (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)
Return target creature to its owner’s hand.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAll In	U	uncommon	Sorcery	37	U	3U	Draw a card.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEForce of Inertia	U	uncommon	Instant	45	U	3UU	Surge 0 (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Counter target spell.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEInvoke the Past	U	uncommon	Sorcery	48	U	2UU	Cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. Exile Invoke the Past.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDenying Channel		uncommon	Land	218	U		T: Add C.
Channel — 2UU, Discard Denying Channel: Counter target spell.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDecayed Remnant	B	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton 	74	B	B	Dredge 5 (If you would draw a card, you may mill five cards instead. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand.)	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEIterative Inventor	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	84	B	1B	At the beginning of each upkeep, if you control no Constructs, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETinybones, Intelligence Raider	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Skeleton Rogue 	97	B	2B	Haste; skulk (This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.)
Whenever Tinybones, Intelligence Raider deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player’s library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast it.	1/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDying	B	uncommon	Sorcery	78	B	1BB	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.			aftermath	EH1		REPLACEMEUnearthed Awakener	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	98	B	4B	When Unearthed Awakener enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Unearth 4B (4B: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDissenter	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	76	B	1B	When Dissenter enters the battlefield, each player discards a card.	2/2		aftermath	EH1		REPLACEMEVoid Harnesser		uncommon	Creature — Eldrazi 	100	B	6BB	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Flying
You can’t spend mana to cast spells.
Once during each turn, you may cast a spell by paying life equal to its mana value rather than paying its mana cost. (Timing rules still apply.)
C: You gain 1 life.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMECut from the Source	B	uncommon	Instant	73	B	3B	You may cast this spell without paying its mana cost if it targets a permanent that entered the battlefield this turn.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEcho of the Past	B	uncommon	Sorcery	79	B	1B	Exile target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of it. You lose life equal to its mana value.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGravedigger's Consultation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	82	B	BB	Kicker 2 (You may pay an additional 2 as you cast this spell.)
Search your library for a card. If this spell was kicked, you may put that card into your hand. Otherwise, put it into your graveyard. Then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDeideation	B	common	Instant	75	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or planeswalker or pay 3.
Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESegovian Dragon	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	129	R	R	Flying
R: Segovian Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPyre Fiend	R	uncommon	Creature — Devil 	122	R	RR	Whenever a player casts a spell, Pyre Fiend deals 1 damage to that player.	3/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEKiran Nalaar	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	116	R	2R	When Kiran Nalaar enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.
2R, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGoblin Rocketeer	R	uncommon	Creature — Goblin Artificer 	114	R	3R	Haste
When Goblin Rocketeer enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature or artifact. If you do, add an amount of R equal to that permanent’s mana value.
1R: Goblin Rocketeer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESurge Titan	R	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	133	R	4RR	Whenever Surge Titan attacks, discover 3. (Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card with mana value 3 or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)
Dash 2RR (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESecret Weapon	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Equipment Juggernaut 	128	R	1R	For Mirrodin! (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 red Rebel creature token, then attach this to it.) (When this Equipment enters, create a 2/2 red Rebel creature token, then attach this to it.)
Trample, haste
Equipped creature has trample and haste.
Reconfigure 5 (5: Attach to target creature you control; or unattach from a creature. Reconfigure only as a sorcery. While attached, this isn’t a creature.)	5/5		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAutomated Inferno	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	102	R	5RR	If an artifact or equipped source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.
Blitz 3RR (If you cast this spell for its blitz cost, it gains haste and “When this creature dies, draw a card.” Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.)
When Automated Inferno enters the battlefield, if you cast it using its blitz ability, it gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEExplosive Charm	R	uncommon	Sorcery	111	R	XR	Choose one—
• Explosive Charm deals X damage to any target.
• Discard up to X cards, then draw that many cards.
• Destroy target artifact with mana value X or less.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEFiery Outbreak	R	uncommon	Sorcery	113	R	4RR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.
Fiery Outbreak deals 4 damage to each creature.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEIonic Atmosphere	R	uncommon	Enchantment	115	R	1R	Whenever you cast a spell, add R. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.
At the beginning of the end step, sacrifice Ionic Atmosphere.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMERig the Reaction	R	uncommon	Sorcery	125	R	1R	If you have no other cards in hand, you may cast Rig the Reaction without paying its mana cost.
Exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEOverlaid Arbor	G	uncommon	Enchantment Artifact Land Creature — Shapeshifter 	223	G		(Overlaid Arbor isn’t a spell. It’s affected by summoning sickness.)
Overlaid Arbor is green.
Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
T: Add G.	0/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMERofellos, Yavimaya's Avatar	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elf Avatar 	159	G	1G	T: Add one of each mana that other nonland permanents you control produced this turn.	2/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEInner Beast	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Wolf 	151	G	2G	Bestow 0 (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)
(Inner Beast has no other effect while it’s attached to a creature.)	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMERegrowing Hydra	G	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Hydra 	158	G	2GG	Regrowing Hydra enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the amount of mana spent to cast it.
Vigilance, trample
Escape—XGG, Exile X plus 2 other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	0/0		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMonster of the Underground	G	uncommon	Creature — Mole Horror 	154	G	5GG	Haste
When Monster of the Underground enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDruidic Oath	G	uncommon	Sorcery	141	G	1G	Cast this spell only if an opponent controls more creatures than you.
Reveal cards from the top of your library until your reveal a creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard. Exile Druidic Oath.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEColossal Genesis	G	uncommon	Enchantment	138	G	6GG	When Colossal Genesis enters the battlefield, create a 6/6 green Dinosaur creature token with trample.
At the beginning of your upkeep, populate. (Create a token that’s a copy of a creature token you control.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESkemfar Hermit	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Warrior 	160	G	GG	When Skemfar Hermit enters the battlefield, if it was foretold, create four 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens. Otherwise, create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token.
Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.
Foretell 3GG (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGerrymander	G	uncommon	Sorcery	146	G	1G	Search target opponent’s library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped under your control. Then that player shuffles.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEManabound Symbiote	G	uncommon	Creature — Insect 	153	G	2G	T: Add GG.	1/1	Mutate G (If you cast this spell for its mutate cost, put it over or under target non-Human creature you own. They mutate into the creature on top plus all abilities from under it.)
T: Add GG.	normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPlated Flats		uncommon	Artifact Land	225	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Plated Flats: Search your library for a Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEVault Worker		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Myr 	215	C	1	Vault Worker enters the battlefield tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 4. If you do, untap Vault Worker. If you don’t, Vault Worker deals 1 damage to you.
T: Add CCC.	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEScrapworker		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Assembly-Worker 	211	C	3	T: Reveal any number of artifact cards in your hand. Add C plus an additional C for each card revealed this way.	2/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMELikeness Manufacturer		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Assembly-Worker 	195	C	4	Imprint — When Likeness Manufacturer enters the battlefield, you may exile a card from your hand face down.
When Likeness Manufacturer dies, turn the exiled card face up. If it’s a permanent card, put it onto the battlefield under your control. It becomes an artifact in addition to its other types.	2/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGrand Guardian		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	193	C	6	Affinity for creatures (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control.)	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDefiler of Logic		rare	Creature — Eldrazi 	1	C	7	When you cast Defiler of Logic, target opponent reveals their hand. Choose four cards from among cards in that player’s hand, cards in that player’s graveyard, and permanents that player controls. Your opponent chooses two of them and exiles those cards.
Flashback 7 (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it. It won’t enter the battlefield when cast this way.)	7/7		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMagus of the Tax	W	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	15	W	W	At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent controls more lands than you, you may search your library for up to three basic land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGideon, Multiverse's Ally	W	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Gideon 	12	W	2W			Indestructible (Effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy Gideon. Having 0 loyalty still causes him to die.)
[ +1]: Until end of turn, Gideon, Multiverse’s Ally becomes a Human Soldier Ally creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of loyalty counters on him. He’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.
[-2]: Gideon, Multiverse’s Ally gains “Other creatures you control get +1/+1.” (This effect lasts indefinitely.)	planeswalker	EH1	3	27REPLACEMETheran Peacekeeper	W	rare	Enchantment Creature — Angel 	32	W	6WW	Flying
Your opponents can’t cast spells with mana value 3 or less.
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top three cards of your of your library. You may reveal a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEWeave	W	rare	Sorcery	36	W	2W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an enchantment.
Search your library for an enchantment card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEParadoxical Herald	W	rare	Creature — Angel 	20	W		Flying, first strike, lifelink
Morph 2WW (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)	5/5		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMagus of the Typhoon	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	49	U	5U	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an X/X blue Shark creature token with flying, where X is that spell’s mana value.
Cycling X1U (X1U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle Magus of the Typhoon, create an X/X blue Shark creature token with flying.	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESphinx of the Solemn Chamber	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sphinx 	61	U	6UU	Sphinx of the Solemn Chamber can’t be countered.
Flying
Whenever Sphinx of the Solemn Chamber deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
Discard a card: Sphinx of the Solemn Chamber gains hexproof until end of turn.	5/5		normal	EH1		REPLACEMETeferi, Scion of Time	U	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Teferi 	62	U	3U			Flash
When Teferi, Scion of Time enters the battlefield, return target spell or creature to its owner’s hand.
[0]: For each permanent you control and each card you own in exile, you may put a counter on it of a kind already on it or remove a counter from it.
[-2]: The owner of another target nonland permanent shuffles it into their library.	planeswalker	EH1	2	41REPLACEMEThe Gearwork Clock	U	rare	Legendary Artifact	46	U	1U	T: Put an eon counter on The Gearwork Clock.
T, Remove three eon counters from The Gearwork Clock: Take an extra turn after this one. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEParadoxical Domain	U	rare	Sorcery	56	U		Surge 2UU (You may cast this spell for its surge cost if you or a teammate has cast another spell this turn.)
Gain control of target nonbasic permanent.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMERenormalize	U	rare	Sorcery	58	U	3UU	Each player shuffles all permanents they control, all cards in their graveyard, all cards in their hand, and all cards they own in exile into their library, then draws seven cards. Empty all mana pools. Exile Renormalize.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMagus of the Blossom	B	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	87	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and create a 1/1 black Faerie Rogue creature token with flying.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESheoldred of the New Invasion	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian Praetor 	95	B	4BB	Ward—Pay 3 life, sacrifice a creature, or discard a card.
At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player loses 3 life unless they sacrifice a nonland permanent or discard a card.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one—
• You gain 3 life.
• Create a 2/2 black Phyrexian creature token.
• Draw a card.	4/5		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESorin, Life's Shadow	B	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Sorin 	96	B	3B			Sorin, Life’s Shadow enters the battlefield with X loyalty counters on him, where X is 13 minus your life total.
[+1]: Create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.
[-X]: Sorin, Life’s Shadow deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker. You gain X life.	planeswalker	EH1	0	16REPLACEMECacophony, God of Cities	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Nightrmare God 	71	B	3B	Indestructible
As long as there are ten or fewer cards in your graveyard, Cacophony, God of Cities isn’t a creature.
At the beginning of your upkeep, each player mills a card.
3B: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s 1/1 and it’s a Nightmare in addition to its other types.	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEParadoxical Ambusher	B	rare	Creature — Human Ninja 	91	B		Ninjutsu 1BB (1BB, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand tapped and attacking.)
Whenever Paradoxical Ambusher deals combat damage to a player, exile target card from that player’s graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card, and mana of any type can be spent to cast it.	4/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEArrival of the Phyrexians	B	rare	Sorcery	69	B	5BB	Suspend 6—B (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay B and exile it with six time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Return any number of target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. For each creature put onto the battlefield this way, you lose 2 life.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEElder Pyromancer	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	109	R	3RR	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn—
• Create two 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens.
• Create two Treasure tokens.
• Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.
• Elder Pyromancer deals 3 damage to any target.
• You may discard your hand. If you do, draw two cards.	3/4		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMagus of the Vortex	R	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	118	R	1RR	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, Magus of the Vortex deals 2 damage to that player.
If a player would gain life, that player gains no life instead.	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMESlobad and Bosh	R	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Goblin Golem 	132	R	6RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, you may exile it. If you do, you may play that card until your next end step.	7/9		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPallel Outbreak	R	rare	Sorcery	119	R	4RR	Shuffle your library, then reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland permanent card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEParadoxical Fluxuation	R	rare	Sorcery	120	R		You may cast up to one target instant card and up to one target sorcery card from your graveyard without paying their mana costs. If those spells would be put into your graveyard, exile them instead. Exile Paradoxical Fluxuation.
Madness 2RR (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMagus of the Bond	G	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	152	G	G	You may play any number of lands on each of your turns.
Whenever you play a land, if it wasn’t the first land you played this turn, you lose 1 life.	1/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPeregrine Dynamo, Supporter		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct 	202	C	3	Companion — Each nonland permanent card in your starting deck is an artifact. (If this card is your chosen companion, you may put it into your hand from outside the game for 3 as a sorcery.)
Peregrine Dynamo, Supporter has all activated abilities of other artifacts you control.
If an ability of another artifact you control would trigger, you may have that ability trigger an additional time. Do this only once each turn.	2/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEWrenn and Nine	G	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Wrenn 	165	G	2G			You may play lands from your graveyard.
[+1]: Surveil 1.
[-1]: Choose a card type. Until end of turn, target land you control becomes an Elemental creature with haste and power and toughness each equal to the number of cards in your graveyard of the chosen type. It’s still a land.	planeswalker	EH1	3	54REPLACEMEParadoxical Evolution	G	rare	Sorcery	157	G		Emerge 5GG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may cast a creature spell from among them without paying its mana cost, and that spell can’t be countered. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEFreyalise's Will	G	rare	Sorcery	145	G	2G	Until end of turn, you may play lands and cast spells from your graveyard.
If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile that card instead.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMox Bismuth		rare	Artifact	196	C	0	T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast spells from outside the game.
You may cast spells with mana value 1 or greater from outside the game. Only mana produced by cards named Mox Bismuth may be spent to cast spells this way.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMox Zirconia		rare	Artifact	198	C	0	Imprint — When Mox Zirconia enters the battlefield, you may exile a land card from your hand.
T: Add one mana of any type the exiled land could produce.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESinging City Reclaimed		rare	Legendary Land	232	G		T: Add C.
1G, T: Put target land card from your graveyard on top of your library.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPower of Light	W	mythic	Sorcery	254	W	W	Create a 4/4 white Angel 
creature token with flying.			normal	EH1		PowerREPLACEMEUtter Equilibrium	W	mythic	Sorcery	34	W	2WW	Each player draws or discards a number of cards so that they would have exactly five cards in hand, sacrifices a number of lands or creates a number of tapped colorless Plains land tokens so that they would control exactly five lands, and sacrifices a number of nonland permanents or creates a number of 2/2 white Knight creature tokens so that they would control exactly five nonland permanents.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMillie, Prodigal Clockmage	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Millie 	52	U	2UU			[+1]: Tap up to one target permanent and untap up to one other target permanent.
[-3]: Take an extra turn after this one. Skip the untap step of that turn.
[-5]: Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards.	planeswalker	EH1	4	23REPLACEMEYawgmoth	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian God 	101	B	5BBBBB	Indestructible
Skip your draw step.
Pay 1 life: Draw a card.
Pay 2 life: Add one mana of any color.
Pay 3 life: Until end of turn, you may play target card from your graveyard.
Pay 4 life: Gain control of target nonartifact creature. It becomes an artifact in addition to its other types. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	8/8		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPower of Darkness	B	mythic	Instant	277	B	1B	Return up to three target 
creature cards from your 
graveyard to your hand.			normal	EH1		PowerREPLACEMEPower of Passion	R	mythic	Sorcery	287	R	1R	Exile the top five cards of your library. Until end of turn, you 
may play cards exiled this way.			normal	EH1		PowerREPLACEMEChandra, Incandescent	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Chandra 	103	R	XRR			When Chandra, Incandescent enters the battlefield, choose up to X of the following abilities. Chandra gains those abilities.
+2: Chandra deals 1 damage to each opponent.
+1: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it until end of turn.
+0:  Add RR.
-2: Chandra deals 3 damage to any target.
-4: Until end of turn, whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.
-8: Chandra deals 10 damage to any target.	planeswalker	EH1	X	42REPLACEMEPower of Nature	G	mythic	Instant	295	G	G	Double the amount of each type 
of unspent mana you have.			normal	EH1		PowerREPLACEMEGlissa, the Hero	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Glissa 	147	G	1GG			[+2]: Untap target land.
[-1]: Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If it has mana value 6 or greater, put two loyalty counters on Glissa, the Hero.
[-6]: Return up to three target cards from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	EH1	3	47REPLACEMEBleeding Lotus		mythic	Artifact	189	C	0	When Bleeding Lotus enters the battlefield, if your life total is 1 or less, you lose the game. Otherwise, your life total becomes 1.
T, Sacrifice Bleeding Lotus: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMENicol Bolas, Power Perfected	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Bolas 	178	UBR	UH/UBH/BRH/R			Compleated (H/U, H/B, and H/R can each be paid with the corresponding color or 2 life. For each one paid with life, this planeswalker enters with two fewer loyalty counters.)
[+1]: Each player exiles the top card of their library, then choose a card exiled with Nicol Bolas, Power Perfected. You may play that card this turn.
[-3]: Exile target permanent.
[-7]: Draw three cards. You get an emblem with “Pay 2 life: Add one mana of any color.”	planeswalker	EH1	7	66%REPLACEMERamaz, Agent of Chaos	URG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ramaz 	182	URG	GUR			[+1]: If there are three or more cards in your graveyard, return one of them at random from your graveyard to your hand.
[-3]: Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.
[-X]: Ramaz, Agent of Chaos deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures. Excess damage dealt to a creature this way is dealt to that creature’s controller instead.	planeswalker	EH1	4	Zoom 51%REPLACEMEGhitu Encampment		mythic	Legendary Land	220	R		T: Add R for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEKarn Compleated		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Karn 	2	C	9HHH			Compleated (H can be paid with C or 2 life. For each H paid with life, this planeswalker enters with two fewer loyalty counters.)
[+4]: You may create Memnarch Reborn, a legendary 4/4 Phyrexian Wizard artifact creature token with “As this creature enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card type.” and “Your opponents can’t cast spells of the chosen type.”
[-6]: For each permanent type, you may exile up to one target permanent of that type.
[-20]: Restart the game. At the start of that game, you get an emblem with “Creatures you control have toxic 10.”  (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get ten poison counters.)	planeswalker	EH1	12	64REPLACEMEMox Powerstone		rare	Artifact — Powerstone 	197	C	0	Mox Powerstone enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C. This mana can’t be spent to cast a nonartifact spell.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEZzn, Mirrodin's Legacy		rare	Legendary Artifact Planeswalker — Zzn 	216	C	1			[0]: Choose a counter on target artifact. Give that artifact another counter of that kind.
[-X]: Add X C. This mana can’t be spent to cast nonartifact spells.
[-3]: You get an emblem with “All permanents you control are artifacts in addition to their other types. The same is true for permanent spells you control and permanent cards you own that aren’t on the battlefield.”	planeswalker	EH1	1	16REPLACEMEBlighted Tomb		rare	Land	217	C		Blighted Tomb enters the battlefield tapped.
H, T: Add CC. (H can be paid with either C or 2 life.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGrozoth, Titan of Plague's Reach	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elder Giant 	175	BG	1BG	When Grozoth, Titan of Plague’s Reach enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless it escaped.
Whenever Grozoth enters the battlefield or attacks, target player sacrifices a creature and you create a 1/1 black and green Insect creature token.
Escape—BBGG, Exie five other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	6/6		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMishra's Manufactory		rare	Land	222	C		T: Add C for each artifact you control. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPower of Mind	U	mythic	Sorcery	263	U	1U	Create a token that’s a copy of a nonland permanent you control.			normal	EH1		PowerREPLACEMEPearl Keystone		common	Artifact	201	W	2	T: Add W.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESapphire Keystone		common	Artifact	210	U	2	T: Add U.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEJet Keystone		common	Artifact	194	B	2	T: Add B.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMERuby Keystone		common	Artifact	208	R	2	T: Add R.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEmerald Keystone		common	Artifact	191	G	2	T: Add G.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPlated Tarn		uncommon	Artifact Land	228	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Plated Tarn: Search your library for a Island card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPlated Catacombs		uncommon	Artifact Land	224	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Plated Catacombs: Search your library for a Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPlated Mesa		uncommon	Artifact Land	226	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Plated Mesa: Search your library for a Mountain card, put it onto the tapped battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPlated Rainforest		uncommon	Artifact Land	227	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Plated Rainforest: Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEShattering Titan		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	212	C	10	As Shattering Titan enters the battlefield, choose a color.
Shattering Titan has protection from the chosen color. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything with that color.)
When Shattering Titan dies, destroy target land that could produce the chosen color.	10/10		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEXenagos Unleashed	RG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creautre  — God 	187	RG	3RG		5/5	(You may activate a loyalty ability of this creature once during each of your turns as a sorcery.)
[level +1] Create a 2/2 red and green Satyr creature token with haste.
[level -3] Double the power of each creature you control until end of turn.
Escape—3RG, Exile five other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	leveler	EH1		REPLACEMEWheel of Chance	BR	rare	Sorcery	185	BR	2BR	Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the highest mana value among cards they discarded this way.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEArrival of the Eldrazi		rare	Sorcery	167	UG	5GU	Devoid (This card has no color.)
Suspend 6—G/U (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay G/U and exile it with six time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)
You may put any number of permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEActivation Chain	UR	rare	Sorcery	166	UR	3UR	Until end of turn, you may cast instant and/or sorcery spells with mana value 3 or less from your hand without paying their mana costs. Exile Activation Chain.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMENightmarish Revelation	UB	rare	Instant	179	UB	XUUB	Up to one target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.
Exile the top X cards of target player’s library face down. You may cast those cards for as long as they remain exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast them.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEElvish Innovator	WG	rare	Creature — Elf Artificer 	172	WG	1GW	Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)
Other nontoken creatures you control have fabricate 1.	2/2		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAugmenter-Guardian	WR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Equipment Fox 	169	WR	1RW	Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 2 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana and can’t reduce the cost of Augmenter-Guardian’s abilities.
Equipped creature gets +3/+3.
Reconfigure 5 (5: Attach to target creature you control; or unattach from a creature. Reconfigure only as a sorcery. While attached, this isn’t a creature.)	3/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEvict	WB	rare	Sorcery	174	WB	1WB	Choose one. Exile target permanent if it’s the chosen type.
• Artifact
• Creature
• Enchantment
• Planeswalker
Overload 4WB (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAstral Prison	WU	rare	Artifact	168	WU	1WU	Flash
Imprint — When Astral Prison enters the battlefield, exile target spell or nonland permanent.
When Astral Prison leaves the battlefield, you may cast the exiled card without paying its mana cost.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPurity Orb		uncommon	Artifact	207	C	3	Each player can’t cast spells with mana value greater than the number of lands that player controls.
Whenever a player casts a spell, if no mana was spent to cast it, counter that spell.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEAwakening Stone		uncommon	Artifact	188	C	2	As Awakening Stone enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card type.
Spells of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast. (Both yours and your opponents’.)
5, Sacrifice Awakening Stone: Search your library for a card of the chosen type, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEParadox Fragment		uncommon	Artifact — Blood Clue Food Junk Powerstone Treasure 	200	C	2	Paradox Fragment enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C. This mana can’t be spent to cast a nonartifact spell.
T, Sacrifice Paradox Fragment: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.
T, Sacrifice Paradox Fragment: Add one mana of any color.
1, T, Sacrifice Paradox Fragment, Discard a card: Draw a card.
2, T, Sacrifice Paradox Fragment: You gain 3 life.
2, Sacrifice Paradox Fragment: Draw a card.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Tundra		common	Land — Plains Island 	241	C		(T: Add W or U.)
Starlit Tundra enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Sea		common	Land — Island Swamp 	238	C		(T: Add U or B.)
Starlit Sea enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Badlands		common	Land — Swamp Mountain 	233	C		(T: Add B or R.)
Starlit Badlands enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Taiga		common	Land — Mountain Forest 	239	C		(T: Add R or G.)
Starlit Taiga enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Savannah		common	Land — Forest Plains 	236	C		(T: Add G or W.)
Starlit Savannah enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Scrubland		common	Land — Plains Swamp 	237	C		(T: Add W or B.)
Starlit Scrubland enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Bayou		common	Land — Swamp Forest 	234	C		(T: Add B or G.)
Starlit Bayou enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Tropics		common	Land — Forest Island 	240	C		(T: Add G or U.)
Starlit Tropics enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Volcano		common	Land — Island Mountain 	242	C		(T: Add U or R.)
Starlit Volcano enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStarlit Plateau		common	Land — Mountain Plains 	235	C		(T: Add R or W.)
Starlit Plateau enters the battlefield tapped unless your starting deck had fifty or fewer cards in it.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESword of Everything and Nothing		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	214	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from multicolored and from colorless. This effect doesn’t remove Sword of Everything and Nothing.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of each player’s library. You may cast a nonland card from among cards exiled this way without paying its mana cost.
Equip 2			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEBlightsteel Mox		rare	Artifact	190	C	0	Blightsteel Mox can’t be destroyed by spells or abilities you control.
At the beginning of each upkeep, you get a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)
T: Add C.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEPiron, Myr Overarch		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Myr 	204	WUBRG	3	T: Add WUBRG. This mana can’t be spent to pay generic mana costs.
Whenever you cast a spell, if mana from a creature was spent to cast it, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token. If only mana from creatures was spent to cast that spell, instead create an X/X colorless Myr artifact creature token, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast that spell.	1/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEFiligree Lotus		rare	Artifact	192	C	4	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)
T, Sacrifice Filigree Lotus: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMETolaria, Sunken Isle		rare	Legendary Land	243	C		Each land is an Island in addition to its other land types.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESpire Hub		common	Artifact	213	C	5	Affinity for artifacts (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.)
T: Add C.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEStoried Giant	G	rare	Creature — Giant Noble 	162	G	7GGG	When Storied Giant enters the battlefield, create a Virtuous Role token attached to a creature you control, then for each creature you control other than that creature, choose one. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.)
• Create a Monster Role attached to that creature. (Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.)
• Create a Royal Role attached to that creature. (Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 1.)
• Create a Young Hero Role attached to that creature. (Enchanted creature has “Whenever this creature attacks, if its toughness is 3 or less, put a +1/+1 counter on it.”)	8/8		normal	EH1		REPLACEMERift Gate		uncommon	Land	230	C		T: Add C.
Unearth 0 (0: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEDaretti, Crazed Cogsmith	R	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Daretti 	107	R	2R			When Daretti, Crazed Cogsmith enters the battlefield, create two colorless artifact tokens named Scrap.
[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. If the discarded card was an artifact, create a colorless artifact token named Scrap.
[-2]: You may sacrifice any number of artifacts. If you do, create an X/X colorless Construct artifact creature token, where X is twice the number of artifacts sacrificed this way.	planeswalker	EH1	3	18REPLACEMERuned Warhammer		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	209	C	2	Whenever Runed Warhammer becomes attached to a creature and at the beginning of your upkeep, if Runed Warhammer is attached to a creature, choose two—
• Put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature.
• Put a vigilance counter on equipped creature.
• Put a trample counter on equipped creature.
• Put a lifelink counter on equipped creature.
Equip 3. Activate only once each turn.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEThalia, Guardian of Worlds	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	31	W	2W	Flash
First strike
When Thalia, Guardian of Worlds enters the battlefield, choose one—
• Exile target spell if no mana was spent to cast it.
• Exile target creature if it entered the battlefield this turn and it wasn’t cast.	3/1		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEMaster Maniac	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	50	U	2U	When Master Maniac enters the battlefield, until end of turn, if you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead. Then, draw a card.	1/3		normal	EH1		REPLACEMEGnaw	G	uncommon	Instant	149	G	1G	Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			aftermath	EH1		REPLACEMEFaithless Rummaging	R	common	Sorcery	112	R	R	Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.
Flashback 2R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	EH1		REPLACEMESegovian Summoning	W	rare	Sorcery	23	W	3WWW	Put any number of nonland permanent cards with mana value 3 or less from your hand and/or graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	EH1		REPLACEMEEmrakul, the Aeons Torn		mythic	Legendary Creature — Eldrazi 	245	C	15	This spell can’t be countered.
When you cast this spell, take an extra turn after this one.
Flying, protection from spells that are one or more colors, annihilator 6
When Emrakul, the Aeons Torn is put into a graveyard from anywhere, its owner shuffles their graveyard into their library.	15/15		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMERise of the Eldrazi		mythic	Sorcery	246	C	9CCC	This spell can’t be countered.
Destroy target permanent. Target player draws four cards. Take an extra turn after this one.
Exile Rise of the Eldrazi.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEArmageddon	W	mythic	Sorcery	247	W	3W	Destroy all lands.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEElesh Norn, Grand Cenobite	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian Praetor 	248	W	5WW	Vigilance
Other creatures you control get +2/+2.
Creatures your opponents control get -2/-2.	4/7		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEElite Spellbinder	W	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	249	W	2W	Flying
When Elite Spellbinder enters the battlefield, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may play it. A spell cast this way costs 2 more to cast.	3/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEElspeth, Knight-Errant	W	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Elspeth 	250	W	2WW			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.
[+1]: Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains flying until end of turn.
[-8]: You get an emblem with “Artifacts, creatures, enchantments, and lands you control have indestructible.”
	planeswalker	EH1	4	!landslotREPLACEMEEnlightened Tutor	W	rare	Instnat	251	W	W	Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEEphemerate	W	uncommon	Instant	252	W	W	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEPorcelain Legionnaire	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Soldier 	253	W	2H/W	(H/W can be paid with either W or 2 life.)
First strike	3/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESun Titan	W	rare	Creature — Giant 	255	W	4WW	Vigilance
Whenever Sun Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, you may return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESwords to Plowshares	W	uncommon	Instant	256	W	W	Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEWrath of God	W	rare	Sorcery	257	W	2WW	Destroy all creatures.
They can’t be regenerated.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEBrainstorm	U	uncommon	Instant	258	U	U	Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMECounterspell	U	uncommon	Instant	259	U	UU	Counter target spell.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEFrost Titan	U	rare	Creature — Giant 	260	U	4UU	Whenever Frost Titan becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays 2.
Whenever Frost Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, tap target permanent. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEJace, the Mind Sculptor	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Jace 	261	U	2UU			[+2]: Look at the top card of target player’s library. You may put that card on the bottom of that player’s library.
[0]: Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.
[-1]: Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
[-12]: Exile all cards from target player’s library, then that player shuffles their hand into their  library.
	planeswalker	EH1	3	!landslotREPLACEMEMystical Tutor	U	rare	Instant	262	U	U	Search your library for an instant or sorcery card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESnapcaster Mage	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	264	U	1U	Flash
When Snapcaster Mage enters the battlefield, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)	2/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMETezzeret the Seeker	U	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Tezzeret 	265	U	3UU			[+1]: Untap up to two target artifacts.
[-X]: Search your library for an artifact card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
[-5]: Artifacts you control become artifact creatures with base power and toughness 5/5 until end of turn.
	planeswalker	EH1	4	!landslotREPLACEMETinker	U	rare	Sorcery	266	U	2U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Search your library for an artifact card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMETrinket Mage	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	267	U	2U	When Trinket Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with mana value 1 or less, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEUrza, Lord High Artificer	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	268	U	2UU	When Urza, Lord High Artificer enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 colorless Construct artifact creature token with “This creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control.”
Tap an untapped artifact you control: Add U.
5: Shuffle your library, then exile the top card. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.	1/4		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEArchon of Cruelty	B	mythic	Creature — Archon 	269	B	6BB	Flying
Whenever Archon of Cruelty enters the battlefield or attacks, target opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker, discards a card, and loses 3 life. You draw a card and gain 3 life.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEBolas's Citadel	B	rare	Legendary Artifact	270	B	3BBB	You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play lands and cast spells from the top of your library. If you cast a spell this way, pay life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost.
T, Sacrifice ten nonland permanents:   Each opponent loses 10 life.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEDark Confidant	B	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	271	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	2/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEDark Ritual	B	uncommon	Instant	272	B	B	Add BBB.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEDoomsday	B	mythic	Sorcery	273	B	BBB	Search your library and graveyard for five cards and exile the rest. Put the chosen cards on top of your library in any order. You lose half your life, rounded up.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEExhume	B	uncommon	Sorcery	274	B	1B	Each player puts a creature card from their graveyard onto the battlefield.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEGrave Titan	B	rare	Creature — Giant 	275	B	4BB	Deathtouch
Whenever Grave Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMELiliana, Death's Majesty	B	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Liliana 	276	B	3BB			[+1]: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Mill two cards.
[-3]: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types.
[-7]: Destroy all non-Zombie creatures.
	planeswalker	EH1	5	!landslotREPLACEMEPutrid Imp	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Imp 	278	B	B	Discard a card: Putrid Imp gains flying until end of turn.
Threshold — As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Putrid Imp gets +1/+1 and can’t block.	1/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEVampiric Tutor	B	rare	Instant	279	B	B	Search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You lose 2 life.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEGamble	R	rare	Sorcery	280	R	R	Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEInferno Titan	R	rare	Creature — Giant 	281	R	4RR	R: Inferno Titan gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever Inferno Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEKiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Goblin Shaman 	282	R	2RRR	Haste
T: Create a token that’s a copy of target nonlegendary creature you control, except it has haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEKoth of the Hammer	R	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Koth 	283	R	2RR			[+1]: Untap target Mountain. It becomes a 4/4 red Elemental creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.
[-2]: Add R for each Mountain you control.
[-5]: You get an emblem with “Mountains you control have ‘T: This land deals 1 damage to any target.’”
	planeswalker	EH1	3	!landslotREPLACEMELight Up the Stage	R	uncommon	Sorcery	284	R	2R	Spectacle R (You may cast this spell for its spectacle cost rather than its mana cost if an opponent lost life this turn.)
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMELightning Bolt	R	uncommon	Instant	285	R	R	Lightning Bolt deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEPast in Flames	R	mythic	Sorcery	286	R	3R	Each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.
Flashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESeasoned Pyromancer	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	288	R	1RR	When Seasoned Pyromancer enters the battlefield, discard two cards, then draw two cards. For each nonland card discarded this way, create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token.
3RR, Exile Seasoned Pyromancer from your graveyard: Create two 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens.	2/2		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESneak Attack	R	rare	Enchantment	289	R	3R	R: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. That creature gains haste. Sacrifice the creature at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEYoung Pyromancer	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	290	R	1R	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token.	2/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEChannel	G	mythic	Sorcery	291	G	GG	Until end of turn, any time you could activate a mana ability, you may pay 1 life. If you do, add C.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEGarruk Wildspeaker	G	rare	Legendary Planeswalker — Garruk 	292	G	2GG			[+1]: Untap two target lands.
[-1]: Put a 3/3 green Beast creature token onto the battlefield.
[-4]: Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.
	planeswalker	EH1	3	!landslotREPLACEMELlanowar Elves	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf 	293	G	G	T: Add G.	1/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMENatural Order	G	rare	Sorcery	294	G	2GG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a green creature.
Search your library for a green creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEPrimeval Titan	G	rare	Creature — Giant 	296	G	4GG	Trample
Whenever Primeval Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, you may search your library for up to two land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	6/6		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMERancor	G	uncommon	Sorcery	297	G	G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.
When Rancor is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Rancor to its owner’s hand.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEReclamation Sage	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Shaman 	298	G	2G	When Reclamation Sage enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/1		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMETireless Tracker	G	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	299	G	2G	Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on Tireless Tracker.	3/2		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEWorldly Tutor	G	rare	Instant	300	G	G	Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, then shuffle and put the card on top.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEWorldspine Wurm	G	mythic	Creature — Wurm 	301	G	8GGG	Trample
When Worldspine Wurm dies, create three 5/5 green Wurm creature tokens with trample.
When Worldspine Wurm is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner’s library.	15/15		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEDack Fayden	UR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Dack 	302	UR	1UR			[+1]: Target player draws two cards, then discards two cards.
[-2]: Gain control of target artifact.
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a spell that targets one or more permanents, gain control of those permanents.”
	planeswalker	EH1	3	!landslotREPLACEMEProgenitus	WUBRG	mythic	Creature — Hydra Avatar 	303	WUBRG	WWUUBBRRGG	Protection from everything
If Progenitus would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Progenitus and shuffle it into its owner’s library instead.	10/10		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEBasalt Monolith		uncommon	Artifact	304	C	3	Basalt Monolith doesn’t untap during your untap step.
T: Add CCC.
3: Untap Basalt Monolith.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEGolos, Tireless Pilgrim		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Scout 	305	WUBRG	5	When Golos, Tireless Pilgrim enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
2WUBRG: Exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them this turn without paying their mana costs.	3/5		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMELotus Petal		uncommon	Artifact	306	C	0	T, Sacrifice Lotus Petal: Add one mana of any color.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEMana Crypt		mythic	Artifact	307	C	0	At the beginning of your upkeep, flip a coin. If you lose the flip, Mana Crypt deals 3 damage to you.
T: Add CC.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESkullclamp		uncommon	Artifact	308	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, draw two cards.
Equip 1			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMESol Ring		rare	Artifact	309	C	1	T: Add CC.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEWalking Ballista		rare	Artifact	310	C	XX	Walking Ballista enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
4: Put a +1/+1 counter on Walking Ballista.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Walking Ballista: It deals 1 damage to any target.	0/0		normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEMana Confluence		rare	Land	311	C		T, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEMEStrip Mine		rare	Land	312	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Strip Mine: Destroy target land.			normal	EH1		!landslotREPLACEME