Street Creeper	WU	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	231	WU	1WU	1, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Whenever a creature haunted by Street Creeper attacks, draw a card.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEIndulgent Extractor	WB	uncommon	Creature — Vampire 	218	WB	2WB	Lifelink
Whenever you gain life, you may have each opponent lose that much life. Do this only once each turn.	2/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMERabblegang	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Berserker 	228	WR	RW	Haste
Rabblegang gets +1/+0 for each other creature you control.
T, Sacrifice Rabblegang: Rabblegang deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEversummer Exemplar	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	215	WG	GW	Vigilance
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEShambling Legion	UB	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	229	UB	2UB	When Shambling Legion enters the battlefield, mill two cards and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
T, Sacrifice a creature: Choose target card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn. Spells cast this way gain “If this card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.” (You still pay its costs. Timing rules still apply.)	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMECatalyst Specialist	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	211	UR	1UR	When Catalyst Specialist enters the battlefield, you may draw two cards. If you do, discard two cards.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Catalyst Specialist.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEJack of Lanterns	BR	uncommon	Creature — Plant 	220	BR	1BR	When Jack of Lanterns enters the battlefield, put a lifelink, menace, or trample counter on it.
Whenever Jack of Lanterns attacks, another target creature you control gains each of Jack of Lanterns’s other abilities until end of turn.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBloodglutton Spider	BG	uncommon	Creature — Spider 	209	BG	2BG	Reach
T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Other creatures you control with reach have “T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”	2/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMENeverending Pack	RG	uncommon	Creature — Wolf 	225	RG	2RG	2RG: Choose one—
• Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
• Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.
• You may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBranchweft Crow	UG	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Bird Mutant 	210	UG	1GU	Ward 2
Branchweft Crow enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters and a flying counter on it.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEAuthoritative Accuser	W	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	1	W	W	Whenever Authoritative Accuser attacks, other attacking Berserkers you control get +1/+0.	1/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESophisticated Host	W	common	Creature — Vampire 	39	W	W	Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPopular Leader	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	30	W	1W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more creatures with counters on them, transform Popular Leader.	2/1		transform double faced	UMB		Personality of the Cult	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	W		Vigilance
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Creatures you control with counters on them have vigilance.	3/2			REPLACEMELoyal Enforcer	W	common	Creature — Spirit 	23	W	1W	2, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Loyal Enforcer. Activate only as a sorcery.
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Whenever a creature you control dies, you may tap or untap a creature haunted by Loyal Enforcer.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEReveling Changeling	W	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	33	W	1W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
1, Sacrifice Reveling Changeling: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEIrregular Cohort	W	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	21	W	2WW	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Irregular Cohort enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEInciting Individual	W	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	19	W	2W	When Inciting Individual enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token.
Whenever Inciting Individual and at least two other creatures attack, transform it.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Righteous Riot	W	Creature — Human Berserker 	W		As long as it’s your turn, Righteous Riot has first strike.
Righteous Riot’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.	*/*			REPLACEMEPatron of the Living	W	common	Creature — Vampre Knight Mercenary 	29	W	2W	Lifelink
When Patron of the Living enters the battlefield, target Vampire you control gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEInspirational Captain	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	20	W	3W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	4/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESerene Apparition	W	common	Creature — Spirit 	38	W	3W	Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Creatures you don’t control haunted by Serene Apparition can’t attack.	2/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHungering Guardian	W	common	Creature — Vampire Berserker 	14	W	4W	Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Hungering Guardian.
Sacrifice a creature: You gain 2 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMETomb Whisperer	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	40	W	5W	When Tomb Whisperer enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Whenever a nontoken creature you control with a counter on it dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	4/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEUnfinished Business	W	common	Kindred Instant — Spirit 	41	W	1W	Unfinished Business deals damage to target attacking or blocking creature equal to the number of creature cards you own in exile plus the number of creatures you control. If you control a Spirit, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHold at the Stake	W	common	Kindred Enchantment — Human Aura 	12	W	1WW	Enchant nonland permanent
When Hold at the Stake enters the battlefield, if you control another Human, draw a card.
Enchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECrib Swap	W	common	Kindred Instant — Shapeshifter 	3	W	2W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHomestead Courage	W	common	Sorcery	13	W	W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains vigilance until end of turn.
Flashback W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESanguine Hospitality	W	common	Kindred Enchantment — Vampire Aura 	36	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1, has lifelink, and is a Vampire in addition to its other types.
When Sanguine Hospitality enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEIncite Riot	W	common	Kindred Sorcery — Berserker 	18	W	2WW	Choose one—
• Create three 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.
• Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESecrets of the Restless	W	common	Sorcery	37	W	1W	Exile the top two cards of your library face down and look at them. For as long as each of those cards remains exiled, if you would draw a card, you may instead put that card into your hand.
Flashback 3W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEVictim of Experimentation	U	common	Creature — Mutant Spirit 	83	U	U	Flying
Victim of Experimentation enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFickle Figment	U	common	Creature — Spirit Wizard 	51	U	1U	Flying
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMETomb Keeper	U	common	Creature — Zombie Homunculus 	81	U	1U	U, Sacrifice a creature: Any number of target players each mill two cards.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMERecurring Haunting	U	common	Kindred Sorcery — Spirit 	71	U	2U	Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Flashback—1U, Sacrifice a Spirit. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFirst Subject	U	common	Creature — Mutant 	52	U	2U	First Subject enters the battlefield with a vigilance counter and a +1/+1 counter on it.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)
At the beginning of your end step, if First Subject has no counters on it, transform it.	1/2		transform double faced	UMB		Iterated Experiment	U	Creature — Mutant 	U		Vigilance, ward 2
Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Iterated Experiment.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/2			REPLACEMENovice Researcher	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	68	U	3U	When Novice Researcher enters the battlefield, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
2UU: Transform Novice Researcher. Activate only as a sorcery and only if there are three or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Seasoned Experimenter	U	Creature — Wizard 	U		When this creature transforms into Seasoned Experimenter, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	3/3			REPLACEMEFlaying Zombie	U	common	Creature — Zombie Mutant 	53	U	3U	Flaying Zombie enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
U, Remove a counter from Flaying Zombie: Target player mills two cards.
1U, Remove three counters from Flaying Zombie: Draw a card.	0/0		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESoul of the Monster	U	common	Creature — Spirit 	76	U	4U	Flying
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
When Soul of the Monster or the creature it haunts dies, create a 2/2 green and blue Mutant creature token.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEra-Worn Zombie	U	common	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	49	U	5U	Era-Worn Zombie enters the battlefield tapped.
3U, Exile a noncreature card from your graveyard: Return Era-Worn Zombie from your graveyard to your hand.	5/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMindmister	U	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	63	U	2U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
T: Target player mills two cards.	0/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEIncomprehensible Mass	U	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	61	U	3UU	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	4/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEStrip Identity	U	common	Kindred Enchantment — Shapeshifter Aura 	78	U	3U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Enchant creature
When Strip Identity enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature loses all creature types and doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDissect	U	common	Sorcery	45	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 2.
Draw two cards.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEOtherworldly Gaze	U	common	Instant	69	U	U	Surveil 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
Flashback 1U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESilent Departure	U	common	Sorcery	74	U	U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.
Flashback 4U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPlasmform	U	common	Kindred Instant — Mutant 	70	U	1U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. It gains hexproof until end of turn. If you control a Mutant, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEStream of Unconsciousness	U	common	Kindred Instant — Wizard 	77	U	U	Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn. If you control a Wizard, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMETrespass the Tomb	U	common	Kindred Sorcery — Zombie 	82	U	1U	Any number of target players each mill three cards. If a creature card was milled this way, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECryptspinner	B	common	Creature — Zombie Spider 	93	B	B	Reach
3B: Return Cryptspinner from your graveyard to your hand.	1/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThirsty Neonate	B	common	Creature — Vampire 	119	B	1B	Lifelink
1, T: Thirsty Neonate deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEManyfaced Monstrosity	B	common	Creature — Plant Horror 	104	B	1B	Manyfaced Monstrosity enters the battlefield with your choice of a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it.	2/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESanity Stealer	B	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	116	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Sanity Stealer enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, each opponent discards a card.	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMELone Crawler	B	common	Creature — Zombie 	103	B	2B	When Lone Crawler enters the battlefield, mill two cards.
At the beginning of your end step, if there are three or more creature cards in your graveyard, transform Lone Crawler.	2/2		transform double faced	UMB		Crawling Horde	B	Creature — Zombie 	B		Crawling Horde gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	2/2			REPLACEMEVenemous Ambush	B	common	Kindred Sorcery — Spider 	122	B	2B	Create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach. Then, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Spiders you control.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHungering Vampire	B	common	Creature — Vampire 	101	B	3B	Lifelink
Whenever Hungering Vampire attacks, you may pay 6 life. If you do, transform it.	3/2		transform double faced	UMB		Starving Bloodmonger	B	Creature — Vampire 	B		Flying, lifelink	3/2			REPLACEMEPattern Carver	B	common	Creature — Plant 	111	B	3B	When Pattern Carver enters the battlefield, put a menace counter on another target Plant you control.
Whenever another Plant creature you control dies, for each kind of counter that Plant put a counter of that kind on Pattern Carver.	4/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEInfested Zombie	B	common	Creature — Zombie 	102	B	4B	3B, Exile Infested Zombie from your graveyard: Create two 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDecadent Decorator	B	common	Creature — Vampire 	94	B	5B	When Decadent Decorator enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red Plant creature token, then you may put a lifelink counter on a creature you control with power 2 or less.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWither Away	B	common	Sorcery	125	B	2BB	Destroy target creature, then exile a card from its controller’s graveyard.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGo for the Neck	B	common	Kindred Sorcery — Vampire 	95	B	2B	Go for the Neck deals 2 damage to any target. You gain 2 life. If you control a Vampire, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBody Modifier	B	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	86	B	4B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Body Modifier enters the battlefield, choose one—
• Put a reach counter on target creature.
• Put a menace counter on target creature.
• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMECrippling Condition	B	common	Sorcery	92	B	2B	Destroy target creature with power 3 or less.
Flashback 5B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMETibalt's Proposition	B	common	Sorcery	120	B	2B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.
Flashback—2B, Pay 2 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEReturn from Extinction	B	common	Sorcery	113	B	1B	Choose one —
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return two target creature cards that share a creature type from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECarve	B	common	Kindred Sorcery — Plant 	88	B	1B	Choose one—
• Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
• Create a 2/1 red Plant creature token.
• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature you control, then you gain life equal to the number of counters on that creature.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBitter Legacy	B	common	Kindred Instant — Shapeshifter 	85	B	1B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0, gains all creature types, and gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEClaw Out	B	common	Kindred Sorcery — Zombie 	91	B	3BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Then if you control a Zombie, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMELantern Lighter	R	common	Creature — Plant Wizard 	146	R	R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, choose a kind of counter that Lantern Lighter doesn’t have on it from among first strike, menace, trample, and +1/+1. Put a counter on that kind on Lantern Lighter.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFiery Pup	R	common	Creature — Wolf 	134	R	1R	Fiery Pup gets +1/+0 for each other permanent you control that’s a Wolf or a Werewolf.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMartyr for the Mob	R	common	Creature — Human 	151	R	1R	When Martyr for the Mob dies, create two 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWrithing Fury	R	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	166	R	1R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	2/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEExperiment Overseer	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	132	R	2R	Whenever Experiment Overseer or another Wizard enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFlesh Shaper	R	common	Creature — Plant Wolf 	136	R	2R	3R: Put your choice of a trample counter or a menace counter on target creature.	2/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBrazen Rescuer	R	common	Creature — Human Werewolf 	128	R	3R	Haste
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Brazen Rescuer.	4/3		transform double faced	UMB		Brazen Tyrant	R	Creature — Werewolf 	R		Trample
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Brazen Tyrant.	6/5			REPLACEMEEmberwild Accusers	R	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	131	R	3R	R, Sacrifice a creature: Emberwild Accusers deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	3/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGruesome Gang	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	141	R	4R	When Gruesome Gang enters the battlefield, create two 2/1 red Plant creature tokens.	2/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFrenzied Villager	R	common	Creature — Human Berserker Werewolf 	138	R	5R	Whenever Frenzied Villager attacks, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Frenzied Villager.	4/4		transform double faced	UMB		Frenzied Werewolf	R	Creature — Werewolf Berserker 	R		Whenever Frenzied Werewolf attacks, creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Frenzied Werewolf.	5/5			REPLACEMEFirebolt	R	common	Sorcery	135	R	R	Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.
Flashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMake a Scene	R	common	Instant	150	R	2R	Choose one—
• Make a Scene deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of creatures you control.
• Make a Scene deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERadicalize	R	common	Kindred Sorcery — Berserker 	157	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Then if you control a Berserker, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFreak Show	R	common	Kindred Instant — Shapeshifter 	137	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Until end of turn, creatures you control get +2/+0 and gain all creature types.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESanity Extraction	R	common	Kindred Sorcery — Wizard 	158	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw two cards. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, create a 1/1 blue and red Wizard creature token.
Flashback 3R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMELunar Pull	R	common	Kindred Enchantment — Werewolf Aura 	148	R	1R	Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.
When enchanted creature dies, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEInner Blaze	R	common	Kindred Instant — Plant 	143	R	R	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Put a trample counter on it. If you control a Plant, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEAbandon the Post	R	common	Sorcery	126	R	1R	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.
Flashback 3R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMENameless Monster	R	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	154	R	3R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Nameless Monster enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain menace until end of turn.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMENaive Traveler	G	common	Creature — Human Werewolf 	188	G	G	Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Naive Traveler.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Scourge of the Path	G	Creature — Werewolf 	G		Trample
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Scourge of the Path.	3/2			REPLACEMEDeadly Recluse	G	common	Creature — Spider 	175	G	1G	Reach, deathtouch	1/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEUnveil the Abnormal	G	common	Kindred Sorcery — Mutant 	201	G	1G	Create a 2/2 green and blue Mutant creature token, then you may move any number of counters from other permanents you control onto that token.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMultieyed Monstrosity	G	common	Creature — Spider Mutant 	187	G	3G	Multieyed Monstrosity enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters and a reach counter on it.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBounding Wolf	G	common	Creature — Wolf 	172	G	2G	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)
Reach	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBrambleskin	G	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	173	G	2G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Brambleskin enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMELegacy Forger	G	common	Creature — Human 	183	G	2G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Legacy Forger has haste as long as you control another human.	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEUnnatural Nature	G	common	Creature — Shapeshifter 	200	G	2GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Trample	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEExpert Survivalist	G	common	Creature — Human Werewolf 	179	G	4G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Expert Survivalist and transform it.	4/3		transform double faced	UMB		Seasoned Hunter	G	Creature — Werewolf 	G		Each creature you control with a counter on it has trample.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Seasoned Hunter.	4/3			REPLACEMELongleg Broodmother	G	common	Creature — Spider 	184	G	5G	Vigilance, reach
Other creatures you control with reach have vigilance.	3/6		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGorehusk	G	common	Creature — Mutant Beast 	180	G	4GG	When Gorehusk enters the battlefield, distribute a +1/+1 counter and a trample counter among one or two target Mutant creatures.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	5/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMETake Prey	G	common	Sorcery	195	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power or equal to its toughness, whichever is greater, to target creature you don’t control.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPull of the Moon	G	common	Kindred Instant — Werewolf 	190	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. If you control a Wolf or Werewolf, you may draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEOveradapt	G	common	Sorcery	189	G	2G	Choose two—
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Put a reach counter on target creature.
• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature.
Flashback 3G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMETapping at the Window	G	common	Sorcery	196	G	1G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback 2G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWebweave	G	common	Kindred Enchantment — Spider Aura 	205	G	1G	Flash
Enchant creature
When Webweave enters the battlefield, if you control another Spider, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has reach.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThousandform	G	common	Kindred Enchantment — Shapeshifter Aura 	198	G	G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and is every creature type.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESettle the Homestead	G	common	Kindred Enchantment — Human Aura 	193	G	2G	Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Add two mana of any one color.”
4G, Sacrifice Settle the Homestead: Create two 1/1 white Human Soldier creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEReturn to Nature	G	common	Instant	192	G	1G	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Exile target card from a graveyard.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEUniversal Automaton		common	Artifact Creature — Shapeshifter 	246	C	1	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEScuttlemutt		common	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	242	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
T: Target creature becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESurrogate Farmhand		common	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	245	C	5	2: Surrogate Farmhand gains your choice of vigilance, reach, or trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEClever Costuming		common	Artifact — Equipment 	235	C	1	Equipped creature gets +0/+1, has ward 1, and is every creature type. (Whenever equipped creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)
Equip 1			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGravedigger's Amulet		common	Artifact — Treasure 	238	C	2	When Gravedigger’s Amulet enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.
T, Sacrifice Gravedigger’s Amulet: Add one mana of any color.
T, Sacrifice Gravedigger’s Amulet: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESilver Bolt		common	Artifact	243	C	1	3, T, Sacrifice Silver Bolt: It deals 3 damage to target creature. If a Werewolf is dealt damage this way, destroy it.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEImaginary Friend	W	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	16	W	W	Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Creatures you control haunted by Imaginary Friend get +2/+1.	2/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEImperiled Villager	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	17	W	1W	Whenever a counter is put on Imperiled Villager, it gains indestructible until end of turn.
Whenever Imperiled Villager blocks or becomes blocked, transform it at the end of combat.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Fiendhunter Coalition	W	Creature — Human Warrior 	W		Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Whenever a counter is put on a creature you control, you may exile target creature until Fiendhunter Coalition leaves the battlefield. This ability triggers only once each turn.	3/3			REPLACEMERiot Harbinger	W	uncommon	Creature — Berserker 	34	W	1W	First strike
When Riot Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Berserker card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEthereal Procession	W	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	5	W	2W	Flying
Other Spirit creatures you control get +1/+1.
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Whenever a creature haunted by Ethereal Procession attacks, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGala Harbinger	W	uncommon	Creature — Vampire 	9	W	3W	Lifelink
When Gala Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Vampire card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEversummer Coalition	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	6	W	4W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Other Human creatures you control get +1/+1.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMartyr's Curse	W	uncommon	Enchantment	26	W	2W	Sacrifice a creature: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFrightveil	W	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	8	W	2W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Frightveil enters the battlefield, for each player, you may exile a card from that player’s graveyard.
Frightveil gets +1/+1 for each card you own in exile.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEOutcast	W	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery — Berserker 	28	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of creatures you control.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEExorcism	W	uncommon	Instant	7	WU	2W	Exile target creature you control, then you may put a creature card you own with mana value less than or equal to the exiled creature’s mana value from exile onto the battlefield under your control.
Flashback 4U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERise from the Coffin	W	uncommon	Sorcery	35	WB	2W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. You gain X life, where X is 3 minus that creature’s mana value.
Flashback 4B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHorde Harbinger	U	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	60	U	1U	Horde Harbinger enters the battlefield tapped.
When Horde Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Zombie card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEApex Monstrosity	U	uncommon	Creature — Mutant 	44	U	2U	Apex Monstrosity enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Other Mutant creatures you control get +1/+1.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHaunt Harbinger	U	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	59	U	3U	When Haunt Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Spirit card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by creatures haunted by Haunt Harbinger.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEssence of the Uncanny	U	uncommon	Creature — Mutant Ooze 	50	U	4U	Essence of the Uncanny enters the battlefield with a hexproof counter on it.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	3/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESeasoned Experimenter	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	73	U	3U	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Other Wizard creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDreamweft Changeling	U	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	47	U	2U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Dreamweft Changeling enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.
Whenever a spell or ability you control causes an opponent to mill one or more cards, you may exile a nonland card milled this way. Until your next end step, you may cast the exiled card and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGenome Study	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	2UU	Choose a creature type. Draw a card for each permanent you control of that type.
Flashback 6UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESupernatural Intervention	U	uncommon	Kindred Instant — Spirit 	79	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 1U.
Counter target spell.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMultimutate	U	uncommon	Sorcery	64	UG	U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control, then you may  move any number of counters from among creatures you control onto that creature.
Flashback 3G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEForbidden Alchemy	U	uncommon	Instant	54	UB	2U	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Flashback 6B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHelpless Victim	B	uncommon	Creature — Human 	99	B	B	At the beginning of your upkeep, mill three cards. For each creature card milled this way, Helpless Victim gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
BB: Put Helpless Victim from your graveyard onto the battlefield tapped and transformed.	3/2		transform double faced	UMB		Growing Horde	B	Creature — Zombie 	B		When Growing Horde enters the battlefield, you may pay X and exile X creature cards from your graveyard. If you do, create X tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.
If Growing Horde would leave the battlefield, exile it instead.	2/2			REPLACEMENoble Suitor	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Noble 	108	B	2B	Lifelink
T: Noble Suitor deals 1 damage to another target creature. That creature becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types.
T, Exile target Vampire you control: Transform Noble Suitor.	1/3		transform double faced	UMB		Bloodthirsty Beloveds	B	Creature — Vampire Noble 	B		Flying, lifelink
Bloodthirsty Beloveds gets +X/+Y, where X is the total power of creature cards exiled with it and Y is the total toughness of creature cards exiled with it.
Bloodthirsty Beloveds has all abilities of creature cards exiled with it.	1/3			REPLACEMEPatch Harbinger	B	uncommon	Creature — Plant 	110	B	1B	Deathtouch
When Patch Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Plant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMECeaseless Crawler	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	90	B	3B	Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.
3B, Exile three other cards from your graveyard: Return Ceaseless Crawler from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWebspinner Harbinger	B	uncommon	Creature — Spider 	124	B	4B	Reach
When Webspinner Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Spider card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGraveshifter	B	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	96	B	3B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Graveshifter enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHemohone	B	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	100	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Hemohone enters the battlefield with your choice of a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it.
As long as Hemohone has deathtouch, other creatures you control with deathtouch get +1/+1. 
As long as Hemohone has lifelink, other creatures you control with lifelink get +1/+1.	2/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESpindly Demise	B	uncommon	Kindred Instant — Spider 	118	B	5B	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is the greatest toughness among creatures you control.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECadaver Stitching	B	uncommon	Enchantment	87	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
3B, Sacrifice Cadaver Stitching: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHarvest	B	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery — Plant 	98	B	2B	Each player sacrifices a creature, then you create a 2/1 red Plant creature token. If a creature sacrificed this way had flying, put a flying counter on that token. Repeat this process for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMark of Mutilation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	BR	B	Mark of Mutilation deals 1 damage to any target. When damage is dealt to a creature this way, put a +1/+1 counter and a menace counter on that creature.
Flashback 2R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMENewborn Hunter	R	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	155	R	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Double strike
1R: Newborn Hunter gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	0/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGlimmer Harvester	R	uncommon	Creature — Plant 	140	R	1R	2R: Choose a kind of counter on another target creature you control that Glimmer Harvester doesn’t have on it. Put a counter of that kind on Glimmer Harvester.
At the beginning of your end step, if there are three or more kinds of counters on Glimmer Harvester, you may transform it.	2/1		transform double faced	UMB		Glimmering Reaper	R	Creature — Plant 	R		Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if Glimmering Reaper has any counters on it, choose a kind of counter on Glimmering Reaper and put a counter of that kind on that creature.	2/1			REPLACEMELaboratory Harbinger	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	145	R	2R	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
When Laboratory Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Wizard card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMoonpack Harbinger	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Werewolf 	153	R	4R	When Moonpack Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Wolf or Werewolf card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Harbinger.	4/4		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpackpack Hunter	R	Creature — Werewolf 	R		Trample
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpackpack Hunter.	6/6			REPLACEMEKing of the Patch	R	uncommon	Creature — Plant Noble 	144	R	3R	Other Plant creatures you control get +1/+1.
R, T: Put your choice of a menace counter or a trample counter on target Plant you control.	3/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESpirit of Anarchy	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Berserker 	160	R	3R	Other Berserker creatures you control get +1/+1.
3R: Create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token. That creature gains haste until end of turn.	4/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMELavaformed Monster	R	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	147	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Whenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, Lavaformed Monster deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMECarved Up	R	uncommon	Instant	129	R	2R	Put your choice of a first strike counter, a menace counter, or a trample counter on target creature you control. Then if that creature has first strike, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn. The same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMELunar Rage	R	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Werewolf 	149	R	R	At the beginning of your end step, if you didn’t cast a spell this turn, put a howl counter on Lunar Rage.
R: Lunar Rage deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of howl counters on it. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.
3R, Sacrifice Lunar Rage: It deals damage to each of up to two target creatures and/or planeswalkers equal to the number of howl counters on it.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMETerror in the Streets	R	uncommon	Sorcery	161	WR	4R	Creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn.
Flashback 7W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPower Up	R	uncommon	Sorcery	156	UR	RR	When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Flashback 2UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEExemplar Arachnid	G	uncommon	Creature — Spider 	178	G	3G	Reach
Other Spider creatures you control get +1/+1.	2/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEAdopted Packmate	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Werewolf 	168	G	1G	Each other creature you control that’s a Werewolf or a Wolf gets +1/+1.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Adopted Packmate.	2/2		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpack Alpha	G	Creature — Werewolf 	G		Each other creature you control that’s a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +2/+1.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Alpha.	3/3			REPLACEMEEversummer Harbinger	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	177	G	2G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
When Eversummer Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Human card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	3/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMonstrosity Harbinger	G	uncommon	Creature — Mutant 	186	G	G	Monstrosity Harbinger enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
When Monstrosity Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Mutant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEActive Hunter	G	uncommon	Creature — Spider 	167	G	4G	Reach
Each creature you control with reach assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	2/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHumble Outcast	G	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	181	G	4GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Humble Outcast enters the battlefield, distribute, a +1/+1 counter, a reach counter, a vigilance counter, and a trample counter among creatures you control.	4/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMarkmaker	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Werewolf 	185	G	3G	Whenever this creature enters the battlefield or transforms into Markmaker, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Markmaker.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpack Butcher	G	Creature — Werewolf 	G		Whenever this creature transforms into Moonpack Butcher, you may have it fight target non-Werewolf creature you don’t control.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Butcher.	3/3			REPLACEMEBlessweaver	G	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	171	G	2G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When, Blessweaver enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment card from among them and put that card into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMELatent Growth	G	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Mutant 	182	G	1G	G: Move a counter from a creature you control onto Latent Growth. Activate only as a sorcery.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this permanent onto another target creature you control.)
1, Remove two counters from Latent Growth: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERestore the Day	G	uncommon	Sorcery	191	WG	2G	Choose one or both —
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.
Flashback 6W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThrill of the Kill	G	uncommon	Instant	199	RG	1G	Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.
Flashback 5R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMacabre Festivites	W	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Vampire 	24	W	2W	When Macabre Festivites enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERecurring Infestation	U	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Zombie 	72	U	3U	Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard or you activate an ability of a card in your graveyard, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGrisly Sustenance	B	uncommon	Sorcery	97	BG	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
You gain life and draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature’s toughness.
Flashback 5GG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEExplosion of Results	R	uncommon	Kindred Instant — Wizard 	133	R	1RR	Explosion of Results deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the total number of noncreature cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.
Flashback 4RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDecorated Valor	G	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment — Human Aura 	176	G	1G	Enchant creature
Whenever an Aura becomes attached to enchanted creature (including Decorated Valor), draw a card.
Whenever one or more counters are put on enchanted creature, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECollector of Souls	W	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	2	W	W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Whenever another creature you control dies, you may note one of its creature types that hasn’t been noted for Collector of Souls. Then you may transform Collector of Souls.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Bearer of Souls	W	Creature — Shapeshifter 	W		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Bearer of Souls gets +1/+1 for each creature type noted for it.	1/1			REPLACEMEGlyph Seeker	U	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	58	U	1U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Glyph Seeker enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.
At the beginning of your end step, if there are ten or more cards in your graveyard, transform Glyph Seeker.	1/3		transform double faced	UMB		Awoken Arcane	U	Creature — Shapeshifter 	U		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Awoken Arcane’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of noncreature cards you own in your graveyard and in exile.	*/*			REPLACEMEMaster of the House	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire 	106	B	4B	Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses 1 life.
Other Vampire creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHeretic Warlord	R	uncommon	Creature — Berserker 	142	R	2R	Whenever an attacking nontoken creature you control dies, create two tapped 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.	3/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEAlpha Authority	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	169	G	1G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has hexproof and can’t be blocked by more than one creature.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHeap Doll		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	239	C	1	Sacrifice Heap Doll: Exile target card from a graveyard.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBloodline Pretender		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Shapeshifter 	234	C	3	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
As Bloodline Pretender enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Whenever another creature of the chosen type enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodline Pretender.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEIneffective Scarecrow		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	240	C	5	Defender, reach
At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent creates a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying named Storm Crow.
At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent controls three or more creatures with flying, you may transform Ineffective Scarecrow.	0/6		transform double faced	UMB		Nested Scarecrow		Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	C		Defender, reach
When this creature transforms into Nested Scarecrow, gain control of all Bird tokens.
Bird creatures you control get +1/+1.
4, T: Create a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying named Storm Crow.	0/6			REPLACEMEBirthing Boughs		uncommon	Artifact	233	C	3	4, T: Create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling. (It has every creature type.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMelting Pot		uncommon	Kindred Artifact — Shapeshifter 	241	C	4	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Whenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, if it has one or more creature types, note one of those creature types that you haven’t noted for cards named Melting Pot. If you do, draw a card.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEKlaus, Eversummer Vanguard	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	22	W	2W	Creatures you control with power less than Klaus, Eversummer Vanguard’s power have protection from each of your opponents. (They can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything controlled by those players.)	0/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWicker Effigy	W	rare	Artifact	42	W	1W	1W, T, Sacrifice a creature: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery.
• Create two Food tokens. (They’re artifacts with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)
• Create two 1/1 white Human creature tokens.
• Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPossessed Stranger	W	rare	Creature — Human Citizen 	31	WB	W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, sacrifice another creature. If you do, Possessed Stranger becomes a 3/3 black Demon until end of turn and gains flying until end of turn. If you can’t, sacrifice Possessed Stranger.
When Possessed Stranger dies, return it to the battlefield transformed under your control attached to target creature.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Demon Within	B	Enchantment — Aura 	WB		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block. That creature’s controller may sacrifice a creature to ignore this effect until end of turn.
Enchanted creature has base power and toughness 3/3 and has flying.				REPLACEMEEnhancement Chamber	U	rare	Kindred Artifact — Mutant 	48	U	1U	Enhancement Chamber enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter, a flying counter, and a vigilance counter on it.
At the beginning of your end step, if a creature you control has six or more kinds of counters on it, you win the game.
Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this permanent onto another target creature you control.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMENemesis of Identities	U	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	67	U	3U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
You may have Nemesis of Identities enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it’s every creature type in addition to its other creature types.	0/0		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMystical Tutor	U	rare	Instant	65	U	U	Search your library for an instant or sorcery card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERise of The Living Dead	B	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Zombie 	114	B	4BB	Return all creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Each of them is a 2/2 black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Exile Rise of The Living Dead.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPrickett, Drowned Drowner	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Zombie 	227	UB	2UB	Whenever a player mills one or more cards for the first time during each of your turns, you create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.
UB, Exile Prickett, Drowned Drowner from your graveyard: Return any number of other Zombie cards with total mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the number of Zombies you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMECast into Gloom	B	rare	Sorcery	89	B	2BB	Until end of turn, creatures have base power and toughness 0/0.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMENightmare Amalgam	B	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	107	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
When Nightmare Amalgam enters the battlefield, put a menace counter on target creature. Then if there are ten or more cards in your graveyard, put a lifelink counter on that creature. Then if there are twenty or more cards in your graveyard, put a deathtouch counter on that creature. Then if there are thirty or more cards in your graveyard, put an indestructible counter on that creature.	3/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEArcana Chaser	R	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	127	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever Arcana Chaser attacks, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to Arcana Chaser’s power.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMETwo-Headed Hound	R	rare	Creature — Elemental Dog 	164	R	2R	Double strike
When Two-Headed Hound dies, put a double strike counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThe Waxing Moon	R	rare	Enchantment — Saga 	165	R	1R			
Creatures you control get +1/+0 for as long as you control Waxing Moon.
Put a trample counter on each creature you control.
Discard any number of cards, then draw that many cards.
Exile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	UMB		Accursed Moon	R	Enchantment	R		Nonbasic lands are mountains.
If a creature you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.
1R: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.				REPLACEMEAkista, Mother Widow	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Spider 	207	BG	4BG	Reach
Whenever another nontoken Spider enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach.
Creatures you control with reach have “You may have this creature assign its combat damage as though it weren’t blocked.”	2/8		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWaker of the Hunt	G	rare	Creature — Human Werewolf Shaman 	204	G	2GG	Whenever this creature enters the battlefield or transforms into Waker of the Hunt, you may mill three cards. If a creature card is milled this way, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Waker of the Hunt.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Soul of the Hunt	G	Creature — Werewolf Shaman 	G		Whenever this creature transforms into Soul of the Hunt, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
Lycanthropy — At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Soul of the Hunt.	4/4			REPLACEMECrawling Skin	G	rare	Kindred Enchantment — Spider Aura 	174	G	2G	Enchant creature
Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to another creature not enchanted by an aura named Crawling Skin, create a token that’s a copy of Crawling Skin attached to that creature. (It must survive the damage to get the Aura. You control that Aura.)
When enchanted creature dies, create X 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach, where X is its toughness.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEVulpine Trickster	G	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	203	G	3GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Flash
You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.	5/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEAttack of the Waking Woods	G	rare	Sorcery	170	G	3G	Untap any number of lands you control. Until end of turn, those lands become 2/2 Elemental creatures with haste and indestructible. (They aren’t lands while they’re creatures.)
Flashback 4G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEWorldly Tutor	G	rare	Instant	206	G	G	Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, then shuffle and put the card on top.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERadiant Expulsion	W	rare	Instant	32	W	WW	Your opponents can’t cast spells this turn.
Creatures can’t attack this turn.
Flashback 4WW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEFrozen in Fear	U	rare	Sorcery	55	U	2UU	Tap each creature you don’t control. Distribute X stun counters among those creatures, where X is half the number of cards in your graveyard, rounded down. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)
Flashback 5UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESay the Name	B	rare	Sorcery	117	B	B	You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Flashback 1B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)
You may cast Say the Name from exile for 2BB. If you do, transform it and put it onto the battlefield instead of into your graveyard    as it resolves.			transform double faced	UMB		Awoken Miscreant	B	Creature — Demon Spirit 	B		Whenever Awoken Miscreant enters the battlefield or attacks, choose one—
• Each player discards a card.
• Each player loses 1 life and draws a card.
• Each player sacrifices a creature.
If Awoken Miscreant would leave the battlefield, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library instead of putting it anywhere else.	3/3			REPLACEMECruel Betrayal	R	rare	Sorcery	130	R	3RR	Target creature fights another target creature.
Flashback 5RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEStalking Eyes	G	rare	Sorcery	194	G	XG	Reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put any number of creature cards with total mana value X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEnlightened Tutor	W	rare	Instant	4	W	W	Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGifts Ungiven	U	rare	Instant	57	U	3U	Search your library for up to four cards with different names and reveal them. Target opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEVampiric Tutor	B	rare	Instant	121	B	B	Search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You lose 2 life.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGamble	R	rare	Sorcery	139	R	R	Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMETarmogoyf	G	rare	Creature — Lhurgoyf 	197	G	1G	Tarmogoyf’s power is equal to the number of card types among cards in all graveyards and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.	*/1+*		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESplitting Harvester		rare	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	244	C	4	Double strike
Other Scarecrow creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever another Scarecrow enters the battlefield under your control, create a token that’s a copy of Splitting Harvester, except it doesn’t have this ability.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMidnight Clock	U	rare	Artifact	62	U	2U	T: Add U.
2U: Put an hour counter on Midnight Clock.
At the beginning of each upkeep, put an hour counter on Midnight Clock.
When the twelfth hour counter is put on Midnight Clock, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then draw seven cards. Exile Midnight Clock.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEerie Obelisk		rare	Artifact	237	C	3	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control with flying gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Repeat this process for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, prowess, reach, trample, vigilance.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEJumpscare	UB	rare	Instant	221	UB	3UB	Target player mills five cards. You may put a creature card from among the cards milled this way onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEOmniform	BG	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	226	BG	2BG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Omniform enters the battlefield with a reach counter on it.
When Omniform enters the battlefield, for each kind of counter on creatures you control, put a counter of that kind on each creature you control without a counter of that kind on it.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGrace, Soul Unbound	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Grace 	10	W	3W			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
[-3]: Creatures you control gain indestructible, vigilance, and lifelink until end of turn.
[-5]: You get an emblem with “Once during each of your turns, you may play a face up card you own from exile.”	planeswalker	UMB	3	41%REPLACEMEHushpoppet	W	mythic	Creature	15	W	2WW	Other creatures lose all creature types and abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEXrthalid, Subject Zero	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Xrthalid 	84	U	2UU			Counters on Xrthalid, Subject Zero are loyalty counters in addition to their other kinds.
[+1]: For each creature you control, you may move a counter from that creature onto Xrthalid, Subject Zero, or you may move a counter from Xrthalid onto that creature.
[-1]: Until end of turn, Xrthalid, Subject Zero becomes a Mutant creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of counters on him and gains indestructible. He’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.	planeswalker	UMB	3	48REPLACEMEAncestral Communion	U	mythic	Sorcery	43	U		(Nonexistent mana costs can’t be paid.)
Draw three cards.
Flashback—U, Exile five other cards with different mana values from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThe One in the Sewers	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon Clown 	109	B	1BB	Whenever an instant or sorcery spell you own destroys, exiles, or deals damage to a creature, if you cast that spell from your hand, you may exile that card with a collection counter on it instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent’s control, you may cast a nonland card from exile with a collection counter on it. It targets that creature if able. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply.)	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMETibalt, Spawn of Chaos	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Tibalt 	162	R	RR			You may activate loyalty abilities of Tibalt, Spawn of Chaos on any player’s turn any time you could cast an instant.
[+1]: Up to one target creature you control gets +1/-1 until end of turn.
[-3]: Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.
[-4]: Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	UMB	2	30%REPLACEMETibalt's Betrayal	R	mythic	Instant	163	R	2RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Add X mana of any one color and exile the top X cards of your library, where X is the sacrificed creature’s mana value. Until the beginning of your next end step, you may play cards exiled this way.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMESilent Grove		mythic	Land	249	G		T, Pay 1 life: Add G. This mana can’t be spent to cast noncreature spells.
Whenever a player casts a noncreature spell, transform Silent Grove.			transform double faced	UMB		Audiovore	G	Creature — Lhurgoyf 	G		Whenever this permanent transforms into Audiovore, it fights another target creature controlled by a player who cast a noncreature spell this turn.
Audiovore’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of noncreature cards in all graveyards.
At the beginning of the next end step, transform Audiovore.	*/*			REPLACEMEVenus Mantrap	G	mythic	Creature — Alien Plant Mutant 	202	G	G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Venus Mantrap deal damage equal to its power to that creature. Do this only once each turn.
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Venus Mantrap this turn dies, choose one—
• Put a +1/+1 counter on Venus Mantrap.
• Put a vigilance counter on Venus Mantrap.
• Put a reach counter on Venus Mantrap.
• Put a trample counter on Venus Mantrap.	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThe Clock Prison		mythic	Legendary Artifact	236	C	3	Permanents can’t transform.
0: The Clock Prison’s controller sacrifices it and takes an extra turn after this one. Any player may activate this ability but only as a sorcery. This ability costs 5 more to activate during your turn.
6: Put The Clock Prison from your graveyard onto the battlefield transformed. Activate        only if it’s an extra turn and only as a sorcery.			transform double faced	UMB		Clocknook		Legendary Creature — Shapeshifter 	C		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Whenever Clocknook enters the battlefield or attacks, exile target permanent.	10/10			REPLACEMEKizrath, the Dusk Prince	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon Noble 	222	WBR	4WB	Flying, lifelink
Pay 6 life: Another target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.
5BR, Pay 7 life: Transform Kizrath, the Dusk Prince.	6/6		transform double faced	UMB		Kizrath Unbound	BR	Legendary Creature — Demon Avatar 	WBR		Flying, trample, lifelink
Pay 7 life: Another target creature gets +7/+7 until end of turn. Put a flying counter, a trample counter, and a lifelink counter on it. Activate only once each turn.	7/7			REPLACEMEIxophew, Hallows Spinner	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ixophew 	219	BG	1BG			[+1]: Until your next turn, creatures you control get +0/+1 and gain reach.
[-2]: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Creatures your opponents control with power 4 or less can’t attack or block and their activated abilities can’t be activated.”	planeswalker	UMB	3	81%REPLACEMESlynn, Identity Binder	WB	mythic	Legendary Kindred Planeswalker	230	WB	2WB			Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Slynn, Identity Binder is every planeswalker type.
[+1]: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. If there are four or more creature types among other permanents you control, draw a card.
[-2]: Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.
[-8]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Creatures you control lose all creature types and abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.”
	planeswalker	UMB	4	33REPLACEMEThought Trash	U	common	Instant	80	U	1UU	Counter target spell. Target player mills two cards.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMENaive Delver	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	66	U	U	At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. You may reveal that card. If a noncreature, nonland card is revealed this way, put a +1/+1 counter and a flying counter on Naive Delver and transform it.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Misshapen Abomination	U	Creature — Mutant Insect Wizard 	U		Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/1			REPLACEMEEve's Beginning	WB	rare	Sorcery	216	WB	WB	Each player secretly chooses a player and chooses tricks or treats for that player. Each player sacrifices a creature for each time tricks was chosen for them and gains 1 life and draws a card for each time treats was chosen for them.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMutavault		rare	Land	248	C		T: Add C.
1: Mutavault becomes a 2/2 creature with all creature types until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMECavern of Souls		rare	Land	247	C		As Cavern of Souls enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type, and that spell can’t be countered.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDream Lurker	U	rare	Creature — Nightmare Horror 	46	U	1UU	If Dream Lurker would deal combat damage to a player, instead that player mills that many cards and you draw a card.
Discard a card: Dream Lurker gains hexproof until end of turn. It can’t be blocked this turn.	3/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEVictor, Sentience Imparter	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	123	WUBRG	2BB	T: Exile target card from your graveyard with a cadaver counter on it. If that card is an enchantment, add W. If that card is an artifact, add U. If that card is a creature or planeswalker, add B. If that card is an instant or sorcery, add R. If that card is a land, add G. Then you may transform Victor, Sentience Imparter.	3/4		transform double faced	UMB		Victor's Monster	UB	Legendary Creature — Zombie Horror 	WUBRG		Hexproof, menace
Victor’s Monster gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards you own in exile with cadaver counters on them.
Victor’s Monster gets +1/+1 for each color among cards you own in exile with cadaver counters on them.	0/0			REPLACEMEMeribelle, the Poltergeist	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	223	WU	3WU	You may cast a face up Spirit card you own from exile once during each of your turns.
Whenever you exile one or more creature cards you own from your graveyard or from the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEHannibal, Inaugural Mayor	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Vampire Rogue 	11	WB	2W	Vigilance
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.
At the beginning of the end step, if you gained 5 or more life this turn, transform Hannibal, Inaugural Mayor.	2/4		transform double faced	UMB		Count Hannibal	WB	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	WB		Flying, vigilance, lifelink
Whenever you gain life, you may pay XB, where X is less than or equal to the amount of life you gained. If you do, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn and you put X +1/+1 counters on target Vampire you control.	2/4			Flip card #s
Set total 
105 Common (4 Flip)
100 Uncommon (20 Flip)
59 Rare (11 Flip)
18 Mythic (3 Flip)REPLACEMEConstantine, Chief Instigator	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	212	WR	2RW	Whenever one or more nontoken Berserker creatures you control attack, create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token that’s tapped and attacking.
Whenever another token source you control deals damage to an opponent, Constantine, Chief Instigator deals that much damage to each opponent.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMontague, Crafty Survivor	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	224	WG	2GW	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Whenever one or more Human creatures you control attack, up to one target attacking Human creature gains indestructible until end of turn.
If one or more counters would be put on an attacking creature you control, twice that many of those counters are put on that creature instead.	5/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEThriller	UB	mythic	Kindred Sorcery — Zombie 	232	UB	7UB	Gain control of all nonlegendary creatures. Those creatures become black Zombies in addition to their other colors and types.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMEGlutmeg, Crazed Alchemist	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	217	UR	1UR	T, Tap X other untapped Wizards you control: Exile target instant or sorcery card with mana value X plus 1 or less from your graveyard. Copy that card for each instant and sorcery spell you’ve cast this turn. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEEliot, the Smith of Flesh	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Mutant Wizard 	214	UG	GU	As long as Eliot, the Smith of Flesh is in any zone other than a player’s hand or library, counters remain on Mutant cards you own as they move to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.
At the beginning of your upkeep, for each card in your graveyard with a counter on it, you may move a counter from that card onto a creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEDreadknot, Decapitated Fiend	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Plant Knight 	213	BR	3BR	When Dreadknot, Decapitated Fiend enters the battlefield, for each kind of counter among other creatures you control, put a counter of that kind on Dreadknot.
Whenever Dreadknot attacks, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of counters on it.
1BR: Choose a kind of counter on Dreadknot, Decapitated Fiend and put a counter of that kind on target Plant you control.	3/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEBloodcurl, the Dread Howler	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Wolf 	208	RG	3RG	Flash
X: You may put a creature card with mana value X from your hand onto the battlefield.
RG: Transform target Human Werewolf.
2RG: Wolf and Werewolf creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.	5/5		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEPutrid Blob	B	rare	Creature — Ooze 	112	B	2BB	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature dealt damage by Putrid Blob this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Putrid Blob and exile that creature card with a slime counter on it.
Putrid Blob has all activated abilities of creature cards in exile with slime counters on them.	1/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMESnapcaster Mage	U	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	75	U	1U	Flash
When Snapcaster Mage enters the battlefield, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)	2/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEScream Harvester	R	rare	Creature — Plant 	159	R	1R	Whenever a creature dealt damage by Scream Harvester this turn dies, choose an ability it had from among first strike, flying, deathtouch, double strike, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, or vigilance, and put a counter of that kind on Scream Harvester.
1R: Scream Harvester gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMaiden of the Haunt	W	rare	Creature — Spirit 	25	W	1W	Flying
As long as Maiden of the Haunt is on the battlefield or in exile haunting a creature, haunted creatures have base power and toughness 1/1 and have flying.
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)	1/1		normal	UMB		REPLACEMEMass Mentality	R	rare	Kindred Sorcery — Berserker 	152	R	3RR	For each token you control, create a token that’s a copy of that permanent. Those tokens gain haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step.
Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.			normal	UMB		REPLACEMERoost Keeper	B	rare	Creature — Vampire 	115	B	1BB	Flying
Whenever you gain life, create a 1/1 black Bat creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.
2BB: Roost Keeper and Bat creatures you control gain deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	UMB		REPLACEMENameless Persecutor	W	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter 	27	W	3WW	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)
Flash
When Nameless Persecutor enters the battlefield, exile another target creature until Nameless Persecutor leaves the battlefield.
Creatures you control have protection from creatures that share a creature type with the exiled card.	3/4		normal	UMB		REPLACEME