O'Lime, Reefkeeper	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Shark 	205	WU	2WU	If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.NEWLINEApex–O’Lime, Reefkeeper and other creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nNerak, Herald of Processions	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	204	WB	2WB	Whenever Nerak, Herald of Processions becomes tapped, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more tapped tokens or if three or more creature tokens you control left the battlefield this turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nGern, the Quakemaker	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Giant 	196	WR	4RW	VigilanceNEWLINEApex–At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. If the discarded card is a Giant, instead exile it and you may play that card until the end of your next turn.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nU'Kala, Revered Protector	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Giant 	187	G	5GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEVigilanceNEWLINEPrevent all damage that would be dealt to creatures you control with mana value 3 or less.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nSemaj, Eternity-Seer	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	207	UB	1UB	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice an artifact or creature. If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINE2UB, T, Sacrifice Semaj, Eternity-Seer: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/3		normal	AMP		\nRuyel, Tribute Keeper	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Serpent 	206	UR	4UR	When Ruyel, Tribute Keeper enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of artifacts put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.NEWLINEWhenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control for the first time each turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nHekmaj, the Hatemaker	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Satyr Shaman 	199	BR	BR	Whenever another creature you control dies, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEBR, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nIcknick, Life-Invoker	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	200	BG	1BG	Whenever Icknick, Life-Invoker becomes tapped, you gain life equal to its power.NEWLINEWhenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Icknick.	1/1		normal	AMP		\nDoomsnap, the Tide-Eater	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Leviathan 	194	RG	5RG	When Doomsnap, the Tide-Eater enters the battlefield, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEWhenever a creature or planeswalker an opponent controls is dealt excess noncombat damage by Doomsnap or another creature you control, Doomsnap deals damage equal to the excess to that permanent’s controller.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nMarine, Kraken Breeder	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	202	UG	1GU	Whenever a sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINET: Add GU. Spend this mana only to cast sea monster spells.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nRadiant Mentor	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	27	W	1W	When Radiant Mentor dies, you gain 2 life and create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nCaller of the Protectors	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	5	W	1W	Giant spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.NEWLINEApex–Caller of the Protectors gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nGather the Devoted	W	common	Sorcery	14	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.NEWLINECreate a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nFollower of Footsteps	W	common	Creature – Giant 	13	W	2W	Apex–Follower of Footsteps enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	3/2		normal	AMP		\nCourrier of Hope	W	common	Creature – Bird 	8	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nSeeker of Greatness	W	common	Creature – Human Scout 	32	W	3W	When Seeker of Greatness enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nSteadfast Protector	W	common	Creature – Giant 	35	W	2WW		4/4		normal	AMP		\nGiant's Steppe Seekers	W	common	Creature – Human Scout 	15	W	3W	Apex–At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on Giant’s Steppe Seekers.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nHonored Protector	W	common	Creature – Giant 	17	W	3WW	When Honored Protector enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nMighty Eagle	W	common	Creature – Bird 	22	W	4W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEFlying	3/2		normal	AMP		\nBattledriver Giant	W	common	Creature – Giant 	4	W	4WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEVigilance	4/4		normal	AMP		\nDawnwaker	W	common	Creature – Giant 	9	W	4WW	When Dawnwaker enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nReadied Protection	W	common	Instant	28	W	W	Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	AMP		\nRender Insignificant	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	30	W	2W	Apex–This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	AMP		\nTriumphant Efforts	W	common	Sorcery	38	W	2W	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.NEWLINECreate a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nGuiding Light	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	16	W	1W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Guiding Light enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINEWhenever enchanted creature becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	AMP		\nTriumph Against Ferocity	W	common	Instant	37	W	2W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINECreatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature that convoked Triumph Against Ferocity.			normal	AMP		\nCast to Nothingness	W	common	Instant	6	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	AMP		\nRelic of Xiphaes	W	common	Artifact	29	W	2W	When Relic of Xiphaes enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.NEWLINET: Add W.			normal	AMP		\nExalted Griffin	U	common	Creature – Griffin 	54	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEApex–Exalted Griffin gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nOctopod Manipulator	U	common	Creature – Octopus 	64	U	2U	T: Untap another target permanent you control.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nCrafter of Relics	U	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	48	U	2U	When Crafter of Relics enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/3		normal	AMP		\nSanity Drowner	U	common	Creature – Kraken 	69	U	3U	Whenever Sanity Drowner or another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, target player mills two cards. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	2/4		normal	AMP		\nWindward Seer	U	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	77	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINE1U, Exile Windward Seer from your graveyard: Draw a card.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nScavenger of Shipwrecks	U	common	Creature – Shark 	70	U	4U	Scavenger of Shipwrecks gets +2/+0 as long as you control an artifact.	3/5		normal	AMP		\nSpawn of the Depths	U	common	Creature – Leviathan 	72	U	5U	FlashNEWLINEU, Discard Spawn of the Depths: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	4/6		normal	AMP		\nBreach the Surface	U	common	Sorcery	44	U	2U	Create a 2/2 blue Shark creature token.NEWLINEYou may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw a card. If you don’t, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nPlunge Sanity	U	common	Instant	65	U	2UU	Counter target spell. Up to one target player mills four cards.			normal	AMP		\nRethink	U	common	Instant	68	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays X, where X is its mana value.			normal	AMP		\nGrip of Tentacles	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	57	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Grip of Tentacles enters the battlefield, if you control a sea monster, tap enchanted creature. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEEnchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	AMP		\nBeneath the Tides	U	common	Instant	42	U	3U	Apex–This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	AMP		\nContingency Plan	U	common	Sorcery	46	U	1U	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.			normal	AMP		\nSweep the Shores	U	common	Instant	74	U	1U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.NEWLINECreate a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nProtected by the Deep	U	common	Instant	66	U	U	Apex–Target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, that creature also gains hexproof until end of turn.NEWLINEScry 1.			normal	AMP		\nDrown Out	U	common	Instant	50	U	1U	Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is its mana value.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	AMP		\nRelic of Abussaee	U	common	Artifact	67	U	2U	When Relic of Abussaee enters the battlefield, scry 2.NEWLINET: Add U.			normal	AMP		\nCarrion Scrounger	B	common	Creature – Satyr Cleric 	82	B	1B	When Carrion Scrounger enters the battlefield, mill two cards.NEWLINEApex–Carrion Scrounger gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nWilling Vessel	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	116	B	1B	Whenever Willing Vessel becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nRitualist of the Forbidden	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	109	B	2B	B, Exile Ritualist of the Forbidden from your graveyard: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/2		normal	AMP		\nRitual Keeper	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	108	B	2B	When Ritual Keeper enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINE1B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Ritual Keeper. You gain 1 life.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nScion of Oblivion	B	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	111	B	3B	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever Scion of Oblivion attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact or creature. If you do, Scion of Oblivion gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	AMP		\nInvoker of the Past	B	common	Creature – Satyr Cleric 	100	B	3B	When Invoker of the Past enters the battlefield, you may exile a card from your graveyard. If you do, choose one–NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINE• Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/3		normal	AMP		\nHeartless Winnower	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	96	B	4B	2B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	AMP		\nDeathchaser Serpent	B	common	Creature – Serpent 	85	B	4B	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control dies or an artifact you control is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Deathchaser Serpent.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nVengeant Reaver	B	common	Creature – Skeleton Giant 	114	B	4BB	MenaceNEWLINEB, Discard Vengeant Reaver: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	5/5		normal	AMP		\nGravecrawler Wurm	B	common	Creature – Zombie Wurm 	94	B	6B	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEWhen Gravecrawler Wurm enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another artifact or creature. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Gravecrawler Wurm.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nMark of Oblivion	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	4B	Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		\nInduce Despair	B	common	Instant	97	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.NEWLINETarget creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the revealed card’s mana value. (The mana value of a double-faced card is the mana value of its front face.)			normal	AMP		\nInfernal Edict	B	common	Sorcery	98	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		\nWeight of Insignificance	B	common	Instant	115	B	2B	Apex–This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEDestroy target creature with power value 3 or less. You gain 3 life.			normal	AMP		\nCommune With the Forbidden	B	common	Sorcery	83	B	1BB	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. You lose 2 life.			normal	AMP		\nRise Again	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	AMP		\nInvoke the Harbinger	B	common	Sorcery	99	B	1BB	Each player mills three cards and each opponent discards two cards. Then you may exile a card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	AMP		\nLace With Potency	B	common	Enchantment – Aura 	101	B	1B	Enchant SwampNEWLINEEnchanted Swamp has “T, Pay 1 life: Add BB.”			normal	AMP		\nRelic of Exodais	B	common	Artifact	106	B	2B	When Relic of Exodais enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add B.			normal	AMP		\nGrinning Ignus	R	common	Creature – Elemental 	130	R	2R	R, Return Grinning Ignus to its owner’s hand: Add CCR. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nRuthless Invoker	R	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	148	R	1R	When Ruthless Invoker enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a permanent, Ruthless Invoker gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	AMP		\nAxehead Shark	R	common	Creature – Shark 	119	R	1R	MenaceNEWLINEApex–Axehead Shark gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nReckless Battledriver	R	common	Creature – Giant 	143	R	2R	Apex–Reckless Battledriver can’t block unless you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	4/3		normal	AMP		\nPyremaker	R	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	141	R	3R	When Pyremaker enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINET, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Add RR.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nBattlesweeper Giant	R	common	Creature – Giant 	120	R	2RR	1R: Battlesweeper Giant gains your choice of trample, menace, or haste until end of turn.	4/3		normal	AMP		\nFrenzied Follower	R	common	Creature – Satyr Warrior 	128	R	4R	Apex–Frenzied Follower has menace as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	5/4		normal	AMP		\nViscous Mangler	R	common	Creature – Kraken 	152	R	3RR	R, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Viscous Mangler gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	3/5		normal	AMP		\nSchooling Serpent	R	common	Creature – Serpent 	149	R	5R	Apex–Schooling Serpent gets +2/+2 as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nVoltaic Titan	R	common	Creature – Elemental Giant 	154	R	4RR	Whenever Voltaic Titan attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	6/5		normal	AMP		\nSquash	R	common	Instant	150	R	4R	This spell costs 3 less to cast if you control a Giant.NEWLINESquash deals 6 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		\nPressence of the Mighty	R	common	Sorcery	140	R	1R	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its mana value to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	AMP		\nAssert Dominance	R	common	Sorcery	118	R	1RR	Apex–This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEGain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and T this turn.)			normal	AMP		\nCrushing Weight	R	common	Sorcery	123	R	3R	Destroy target artifact or land. If an artifact or nonbasic land is destroyed this way, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nFrenzied Callings	R	common	Sorcery	127	R	RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.NEWLINEDraw two cards and create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nDominate the Shallows	R	common	Enchantment – Aura 	125	R	2R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Dominate the Shallows enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights up to one target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1.			normal	AMP		\nImbue with Fury	R	common	Instant	133	R	R	Apex–Target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, instead that creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	AMP		\nMolten Concoction	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	4R	Choose target creature or planeswalker. Create two tapped Treasure tokens, then Molten Concoction deals damage to the chosen permanent equal to the number of artifacts you control. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nRelic of Eos	R	common	Artifact	146	R	2R	When Relic of Eos enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to target opponent.NEWLINET: Add add R.			normal	AMP		\nHarbinger of the Great Ones	G	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	173	G	1G	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEApex–Harbinger of the Great Ones gets +2/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nInvoker of the Undergrowth	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	174	G	2G	When Invoker of the Undergrowth enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.NEWLINEG, Exile Invoker of the Undergrowth from your graveyard: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	3/2		normal	AMP		\nSerene Animist	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	182	G	2G	Whenever Serene Animist becomes tapped, you gain life equal to its power.	1/4		normal	AMP		\nWildwood Waker	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	191	G	1G	1, T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nFollowed Protector	G	common	Creature – Elemental Giant 	170	G	3G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)	4/2		normal	AMP		\nSeaweaver Serpent	G	common	Creature – Serpent 	181	G	2GG	When Seaweaver Serpent enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	3/3		normal	AMP		\nSkyward Giant	G	common	Creature – Giant 	184	G	4G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEReach	2/4		normal	AMP		\nManyminded Deathbloom	G	common	Creature – Plant Kraken 	176	G	3GG	Manyminded Deathbloom enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other creature you control.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nSerpent of the Grove	G	common	Creature – Serpent 	183	G	4GG	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.)	6/6		normal	AMP		\nGreater Land Serpent	G	common	Creature – Wurm 	172	G	6G		8/8		normal	AMP		\nFlourishing Giant	G	common	Creature – Giant 	169	G	6GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEWhen Flourishing Giant enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nRuthless Contest	G	common	Instant	180	G	1G	Apex–This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINETarget creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		\nEvoke the Elements	G	common	Sorcery	168	G	3G	Create two 0/1 Plant creature tokens. Then, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	AMP		\nVital Infusion	G	common	Instant	189	G	1G	You gain 2 life. Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.			normal	AMP		\nGrapple with the Past	G	common	Instant	171	G	1G	Mill three cards, then you may return a creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AMP		\nRavage the Canopy	G	common	Instant	178	G	1G	Choose one–NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Target creature you control fights target creature with flying. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		\nCall for Biotace	G	common	Sorcery	160	G	2G	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINESearch your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nRelic of Biotace	G	common	Artifact	179	G	2G	When Relic of Biotace enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINET: Add G.			normal	AMP		\nIdol of Inevitability		common	Artifact Creature – Golem 	217	C	2	T: Target player mills a card.NEWLINEWhen Idol of Inevitability dies, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	0/3		normal	AMP		\nPinnacle of Worship		common	Artifact	220	C	3	Apex–At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	AMP		\nWayfarer's Bauble		common	Artifact	227	C	1	2, T, Sacrifice Wayfarer’s Bauble: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nTireless Worshiper		common	Artifact Creature – Golem 	224	C	5	T: Add CC.	4/4		normal	AMP		\nGreat Sentinel		common	Artifact Creature – Golem 	216	C	6		6/6		normal	AMP		\nStaff of the Ancients		common	Artifact – Equipment 	222	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEEquip 1 (1: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	AMP		\nTireless Traveler	W	rare	Creature – Human Scout 	36	W	W	3, T: Until end of turn, you may play up to one basic Plains card from outside the game.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nWingminded Warpriest	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	39	W	1WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Wingminded Warpriest becomes tapped, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nAmbassador of the Protectors	W	uncommon	Creature – Giant 	2	W	2W	Whenever Ambassador of the Protectors or another Giant enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that Giant has mana value 6 or greater, you may instead put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nRestless Wanderer	W	uncommon	Creature – Giant 	31	W	2WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on each turn, tap up to one target creature with power X or less, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.	1/4		normal	AMP		\nEternal Prison	W	uncommon	Enchantment	12	W	1WW	When Eternal Prison enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Eternal Prison leaves the battlefield.NEWLINEApex–Eternal Prison has indestructible as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		\nStalwart Solidarity	W	uncommon	Sorcery	34	W	3W	Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token for each nontoken creature you control.			normal	AMP		\nNeverending Persistence	W	uncommon	Enchantment	23	W	1W	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control no creatures, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token. That creature can’t block until your next turn.			normal	AMP		\nCommunual Offering	W	uncommon	Sorcery	7	W	2W	For each creature you control, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nSigns of Protection		uncommon	Land	259	W		2W: Put Signs of Protection from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINESigns of Protection enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Accomplished Protector	W	Creature – Giant 	W	4WW	First strikeNEWLINEApex–Accomplished Protector has vigilance as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	6/3			!landslot\nFollowed Path		uncommon	Land	237	W		2W: Put Followed Path from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEFollowed Path enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Pathmaker	W	Creature – Giant 	W	4WW	Other Giant creatures you control get +1/+1 for each creature you control with mana value 6 or greater.	4/4			!landslot\nMonument to the Skybound		uncommon	Land	247	W		2W: Put Monument to the Skybound from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEMonument to the Skybound enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Skybound Familiar	W	Creature – Bird 	W	7W	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEFlying	4/4			!landslot\nTome Implanter	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	75	U	1U	T, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.	1/2		normal	AMP		\nEvergrowing Kraken	U	uncommon	Creature – Kraken 	53	U	2U	Whenever another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 blue Tentacle creature token. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEEvergrowing Kraken gets +0/+1 for each tentacle you control.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nKeeper of the Sunken	U	uncommon	Creature – Shark 	58	U	2UU	When Keeper of the Sunken enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINETreasures you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add two mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast sea monster spells.” (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	2/3		normal	AMP		\nGlorious Reward	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	XU	Spend only mana produced by artifacts on X.NEWLINEDraw X cards.NEWLINEIf X is 0, scry 1 and create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nSee the Inevitable	U	uncommon	Instant	71	U	1UU	Counter target spell.NEWLINE1UU, Exile See the Inevitable from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	AMP		\nGlimpse the Deep-Keeper	U	uncommon	Sorcery	55	U	UU	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal up to one sea monster card, up to one nonbasic land card, and up to one artifact card from among them. Put two cards revealed this way into your hand the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)			normal	AMP		\nSummit of Revelation	U	uncommon	Instant	73	U	1U	Apex–When you cast this spell, copy it if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.NEWLINEScry 1, then draw a card.			normal	AMP		\nTribute of Sanity	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	When Tribute of Sanity enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEWhenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control or an artifact you control leaves the battlefield, you may pay 1. If you do, target player mills two cards.			normal	AMP		\nFrozen Wastes		uncommon	Land	238	U		2U: Put Frozen Wastes from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEFrozen Wastes enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Frozen Titan	U	Creature – Elemental Giant 	U	5U	When Frozen Titan enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step for as long as you control Frozen Titan.	4/4			!landslot\nSeafloor of Shipwrecks		uncommon	Land	258	U		2U: Put Seafloor of Shipwrecks from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINESeafloor of Shipwrecks enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Shipwrecker Serpent	U	Creature – Serpent 	U	5UU	When Shipwrecker Serpent enters the battlefield, put target artifact or creature on top of its owner’s library.	6/6			!landslot\nChurning Depths		uncommon	Land	232	U		2U: Put Churning Depths from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEChurning Depths enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Sanity Churner	U	Creature – Leviathan Horror 	U	4UU	When Sanity Churner enters the battlefield, any number of target players each mill six cards.NEWLINEWhen Sanity Churner dies, you may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard this turn. If that spell would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules still apply.)	3/6			!landslot\nExemplary Follower	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	91	B	1B	When Exemplary Follower dies, choose one–NEWLINE• You gain 2 life.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINE• Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	AMP		\nFollower of the Inevitable	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	93	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, if three or more permanents you control left the battlefield this turn, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: You gain 1 life and draw a card.	2/3		normal	AMP		\nFalse Caller	B	uncommon	Creature – Satyr Shaman 	92	B	3B	Whenever False Caller becomes tapped, target player discards a card.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nNightmare's Thirst	B	uncommon	Instant	104	B	B	You gain 1 life. Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.			normal	AMP		\nUnseal the Vault	B	uncommon	Sorcery	113	B	2BB	Exile target creature or land card from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost. (You may cast the back face of a modal double-faced card this way.)			normal	AMP		\nEdge of the Beyond	B	uncommon	Enchantment	87	B	B	1, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nEmbrace Oblivion	B	uncommon	Sorcery	88	B	1B	Target player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard. Choose one–NEWLINE• For each card put into a graveyard this way, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINE• For each card put into a graveyard this way, you gain 2 life.			normal	AMP		\nCall to Life	B	uncommon	Sorcery	81	B	XBB	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEReturn target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	AMP		\nPool of Blood		uncommon	Land	252	B		2B: Put Pool of Blood from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEPool of Blood enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Bloodletter Demon	B	Creature – Demon 	B	5BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, target opponent loses that much life.	3/6			!landslot\nGargantuan Grave		uncommon	Land	239	B		2B: Put Gargantuan Grave from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEGargantuan Grave enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Undying Titan	B	Creature – Skeleton Giant 	B	5B	1B, Sacrifice another artifact or creature: Undying Titan gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it. 	5/5			!landslot\nHall of Temptations		uncommon	Land	243	B		2B: Put Hall of Temptations from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEHall of Temptations enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Master of Temptations	B	Creature – Demon 	B	4BB	As Master of Temptations enters the battlefield, pay any amount of life. Master of Temptations enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each 1 life paid this way.	0/0			!landslot\nPyrewise Master	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Shaman 	142	R	1R	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Pyrewise Master deals combat damage to a player, Giant spells you cast cost X less to cast this turn, where X is the amount of damage dealt.NEWLINEApex–Pyrewise Master gets +2/+2 as long as you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nVoltaic Predator	R	uncommon	Creature – Elemental Shark 	153	R	2R	Whenever Voltaic Predator deals noncombat damage to a creature or planeswalker, it deals that much damage to that permanent’s controller.NEWLINE2R, T: Voltaic Predator deals 1 damage to target creature or planeswalker.	3/2		normal	AMP		\nPreparer of Rites	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Shaman 	139	R	2R	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/2		normal	AMP		\nFurybringer	R	uncommon	Creature – Giant 	129	R	2RR	Furybringer enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEApex–T: Put a +1/+1 counter on Furybringer. Then put another +1/+1 counter on Furybringer if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINET, Remove any number of +1/+1 counters from Furybringer: Add R for each +1/+1 counter removed this way.	0/0		normal	AMP		\nMelt to Material	R	uncommon	Sorcery	137	R	RR	Melt to Material deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINECreate a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nCinder Spree	R	rare	Enchantment	122	R	R	Sacrifice an artifact: Cinder Spree deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Cinder Spree.			normal	AMP		\nChurn the Tides	R	uncommon	Sorcery	121	R	1RR	Choose one–NEWLINE• Choose a creature type. For each creature you control of the chosen type, exile the top card of your library.NEWLINE• For each sea monster you control, exile the top card of your library. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEUntil the end of your next turn, you may play cards exiled with Churn the Tides.			normal	AMP		\nRelentless Conflict	R	uncommon	Sorcery	144	R	4R	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature you control that it targets.NEWLINETarget creature fights another target creature. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	AMP		\nVolcanic Edge		uncommon	Land	265	R		2R: Put Volcanic Edge from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEVolcanic Edge enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Erupting Phoenix	R	Creature – Elemental Phoenix 	R	5RR	When Erupting Phoenix enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another permanent. If you do, Erupting Phoenix deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Erupting Phoenix dies, you may put it on the bottom of your library.	4/4			!landslot\nRavaged Vista		uncommon	Land	255	R		2R: Put Ravaged Vista from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINERavaged Vista enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Slag Titan	R	Artifact Creature – Golem 	R	4RR	Whenever another artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, Slag Titan deals 1 damage to each opponent and each planeswalker they control.	5/5			!landslot\nGnarled Waves		uncommon	Land	240	R		2R: Put Gnarled Waves from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEGnarled Waves enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Gnarled Octopod	R	Creature – Octopus 	R	5RR	If another creature you control would fight a creature you don’t control, you may instead have the creature you control deal damage equal to its power to the creature you don’t control.NEWLINE6RR, T: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.	8/4			!landslot\nDruid of New Life	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	165	G	1G	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Druid of New Life.	1/1		normal	AMP		\nAnimist Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	156	G	1GG	Whenever Animist Tracker becomes tapped, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nUndying Undergrowth	G	uncommon	Creature – Elemental 	188	G	2GG	Undying Undergrowth can’t block.NEWLINEYou may cast Undying Undergrowth from your graveyard if you have gained 3 or more life this turn.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nManyheaded Serpent	G	uncommon	Creature – Hydra Serpent 	175	G	4G	When Manyheaded Serpent enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 green Serpent creature tokens.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more tapped creatures, create a 1/1 green Serpent creature token.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nDefender of the Vastlands	G	uncommon	Creature – Giant 	163	G	4GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEWhen Defender of the Vastlands enters the battlefield, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.	4/3		normal	AMP		\nAct of the Ancients	G	uncommon	Sorcery	155	G	3G	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEApex–If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, you gain life equal to the number of lands you control.			normal	AMP		\nBrilliant Communion	G	uncommon	Enchantment	159	G	4GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	AMP		\nSylvan Scrying	G	uncommon	Sorcery	186	G	1G	Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nHead of the Woods		uncommon	Land	244	G		2G: Put Head of the Woods from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEHead of the Woods enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Walking Woods	G	Creature – Elemental 	G	4GG	VigilanceNEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINEOther creatures you control have “T: Add G.”	4/6			!landslot\nPool of Vitality		uncommon	Land	253	G		2G: Put Pool of Vitality from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEPool of Vitality enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Vitalized Kraken	G	Creature – Kraken 	G	4GG	Whenever a creature you don’t control dies, you gain life equal to its mana value if it was dealt damage this turn by a creature you control.	6/4			!landslot\nPath of Thorns		uncommon	Land	251	G		2G: Put Path of Thorns from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEPath of Thorns enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Thorn Titan	G	Creature – Elemental Giant 	G	8GG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEYou may have Thorn Titan assign its combat damage as though it weren’t blocked.	7/7			!landslot\nGreat Den		uncommon	Land	242	W		2W: Put Great Den from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEGreat Den enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Keeper of Many Dens	W	Creature – Cat 	W	4WW	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and a +1/+1 counter on Keeper of Many Dens.	2/4			!landslot\nCascading Fountain		uncommon	Land	231	U		2U: Put Cascading Fountain from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINECascading Fountain enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Cascading Elemental	U	Creature – Elemental 	U	4UU	When Cascading Elemental enters the battlefield, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonland card with mana value 5 or less. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Put all revealed cards not cast this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/4			!landslot\nMurky Waters		uncommon	Land	248	B		2B: Put Murky Waters from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEMurky Waters enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		It Beneath the Murk	B	Creature – Leviathan Horror 	B	6BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile any number of cards from your graveyard. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card exiled this way.	6/6			!landslot\nCarved Peak		uncommon	Land	230	R		2R: Put Carved Peak from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINECarved Peak enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Mountaincarver	R	Creature – Giant 	R	5R	When Mountaincarver enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, search your library for an land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	6/5			!landslot\nFlowering Grove		uncommon	Land	236	G		2G: Put Flowering Grove from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEFlowering Grove enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Flowering Stag	G	Creature – Elemental Elk 	G	5G	When Flowering Stag enters the battlefield, create four 0/1 green Plant creature tokens.	4/4			!landslot\nAnimate Offering		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Treasure Golem 	209	C	1	Animate Offering enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Animate Offering: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINE1, T, Sacrifice Animate Offering: Draw a card.	1/1		normal	AMP		\nWorldcrawler Golem		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Golem 	228	C	3	When Worldcrawler Golem dies, create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nLiving Landmass		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Bird Golem 	218	C	4	FlyingNEWLINESpells you cast with mana value 6 or greater cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	AMP		\nVoltaic Wurm		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Wurm 	226	C	6	As Voltaic Wurm enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures and/or artifacts. Voltaic Wurm enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nCityback Golem		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Golem 	213	C	8	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINETap an untapped creature you control: Cityback Golem gains your choice of reach, trample, or vigilance until end of turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nCursed Relic		uncommon	Artifact – Treasure 	214	C	1	Cursed Relic enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Cursed Relic: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINE4, T, Sacrifice Cursed Relic: Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AMP		\nBehemoth Maul		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	212	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.NEWLINEWhenever a creature with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Behemoth Maul to it.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	AMP		\nTome of the Ancients		uncommon	Artifact	225	C	2	1, T: Scry 1.NEWLINEApex–2, T: Draw a card. Activate only if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		\nSpringleaf Drum		uncommon	Artifact	221	C	1	T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	AMP		\nEndless Spoils		uncommon	Artifact	215	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINE1, T: Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nKeeper of the Splendid	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	19	W	XW	Keeper of the Splendid enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.NEWLINEWhenever you cast another spell, you gain 1 life for each color of mana spent to cast that spell.	0/0		normal	AMP		\nHushmaker	W	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	18	W	1WW	Tap an untapped Cleric you control: Prevent the next 1 damage that would be dealt to target creature or planeswalker this turn. You gain life equal to the damage prevented this way.	2/3		normal	AMP		\nThe Masked Healer	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	21	W	3WW	VigilanceNEWLINETap an untapped creature you control: You gain 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/7		normal	AMP		\nEdgecrosser	W	rare	Creature – Giant 	10	W	5WW	When Edgecrosser enters the battlefield, each player returns all Giant creature cards from their graveyard to the battlefield.	4/4		normal	AMP		\nElistor, Exalted One	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Giant 	11	W	8WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEDouble strike, vigilance, trample, indestructible	5/10		normal	AMP		\nStalwart Instructor	W	rare	Creature – Human Warrior 	33	W	2WW	Whenever Stalwart Instructor becomes tapped, untap all other creatures you control.	1/7		normal	AMP		\nProsperous Hope	W	rare	Sorcery	25	W	XWW	Create X 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens, then you gain life equal to the number of creatures you control.			normal	AMP		\nArvis, the Tidewaker	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Shark 	41	U	4UU	Each land is an Island in addition to its other land types.NEWLINEWhenever another sea monster enters the battlefield under you control, create a 1/1 blue Fish creature token. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEUUUUUUUU: Fish and sea monster creatures you control can’t be blocked this turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nLucid Seer	U	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	60	U	1U	2U, Exile Lucid Seer from your graveyard: Choose one–NEWLINE• Target player mills four cards.NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 blue Fish creature token.NEWLINE• Put target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard on top of your library.	1/3		normal	AMP		\nAdalrad, Concoctopus	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Octopus Shaman 	40	U	2UU	When Adalrad, Concoctopus enters the battlefield, target player mills eight cards.NEWLINE1U: Exile target instant or sorcery card from a graveyard.NEWLINE7U, T, Put Adalrad on the bottom of its owner’s library: For each nonalnd card exiled with Adalrad, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	2/4		normal	AMP		\nCoralhide Wurm	U	rare	Creature – Wurm 	47	U	4UU	FlashNEWLINECoralhide Wurm can’t be countered.NEWLINEWard 6 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 6.)	6/6		normal	AMP		\nLimitless Insight	U	rare	Enchantment	59	U	1UU	Apex–At the beginning of your upkeep, each player draws a card. If you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, instead only you draw a card.			normal	AMP		\nBident of Kiora	U	rare	Legendary Enchantment Artifact	43	U	2UU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If that creature is a sea monster, you may also put a loyalty counter on each Kiora you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINE5U, T: Search your library for a sea monster, nonbasic land, or Kiora planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nCommand the Deep	U	rare	Sorcery	45	U	5UU	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each sea monster you control. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINEGain control of target permanent.			normal	AMP		\nEtchweaver	B	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	90	B	1B	1B, T, Sacrifice another permanent: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen–NEWLINE• Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.NEWLINE• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken creature.NEWLINE• Exile all cards from target player’s graveyard.NEWLINE• You gain 2 life and draw a card.NEWLINE• Each opponent discards a card.NEWLINE• Add BBBB.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nAgony Caster	B	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	79	B	2BB	Whenever Agony Caster becomes tapped, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is Agony Caster’s power.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nGrim Revelation	B	rare	Enchantment	95	B	B	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a rite counter on Grim Revelation.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if there are 13 or more rite counters on Grim Revelation, you win the game.			normal	AMP		\nPatron of Blood	B	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	105	B	2B	Whenever another creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you gained life this turn, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/3		normal	AMP		\nMalrin, Slaughter-Regent	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Skeleton Giant 	102	B	4BB	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever a creature an opponent controls dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.NEWLINESacrifice three permanents: Return Malrin, Slaughter-Regent from your graveyard to your hand.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nSanguine Devotion	B	rare	Sorcery	110	B	XBBB	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEEach opponent loses X life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.			normal	AMP		\nUncover the Vault	B	rare	Sorcery	112	B	BB	Choose a card name. Reveal cards from the top of your library until a card with that name is revealed. If it is, you lose life equal to the number of cards revealed this way, put the rest of the revealed cards into your graveyard, and put the card with the chosen name into your hand. Otherwise, shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nRuinator Scourge	R	rare	Creature – Serpent Dragon 	147	R	4RR	Whenever Ruinator Scourge or another sea monster you control attacks, add R. (You lose that mana at the end of the declare attackers step. Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)NEWLINER: Target sea monster gets +1/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINERRRR: Destroy target artifact.	5/6		normal	AMP		\nDisciple of Eos	R	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	124	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Disciple of Eos attacks, exile the top card of your library.NEWLINEWhenever Disciple of Eos deals combat damage to a player, you may play cards exiled with Disciple of Eos until end of turn.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nKeeper of Great Flames	R	rare	Creature – Giant 	135	R	4RR	Whenever another nontoken Giant enters the battlefield under your control, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except the token isn’t legendary if that creature is legendary. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nVargad , the Golden Titan	R	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature – Giant 	151	R	5RR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.NEWLINEWhenever Vargad , the Golden Titan or another artifact creature enters the battlefield under your control, that creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	7/5		normal	AMP		\nRelentless Mako	R	rare	Creature – Shark 	145	R	2RR	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Relentless Mako attacks, it fights another target creature.	4/2		normal	AMP		\nEmbers of Creation	R	rare	Sorcery	126	R	XRR	Choose one–NEWLINE• Embers of Creation deals X damage to each creature.NEWLINE• Create X tapped Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nIntimidation Tactics	R	rare	Enchantment	134	R	1RR	Whenever Intimidation Tactics or a creature you control with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, gain control of target creature you don’t control until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	AMP		\nGorod, the Walking City	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Dinosaur 	197	WG	6GW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEVigilanceNEWLINEGorod, the Walking City’s power and toughness are each equal to twice the number of creatures you control.	*/*		normal	AMP		\nMaster Reshaper	G	rare	Creature – Human Druid 	177	G	1G	G, T, Return a land you control to its owner’s hand: Put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	2/3		normal	AMP		\nDaunting Titan	G	rare	Creature – Elemental Giant 	162	G	1GG	Daunting Titan and other creatures you control can’t be blocked by creatures with lesser mana value.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nDirector of Rebirth	G	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	164	G	2G	1G, T, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature or land card and exile it. Until end of turn, you may cast a spell from among cards exiled with Director of Rebirth with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value without paying its mana cost. Activate only as a sorcery. (You may cast the back face of a modal double-faced card this way.)	2/2		normal	AMP		\nArchdruid	G	rare	Creature – Human Druid 	157	G	GGGG	This spell costs G less to cast for each Druid you control.NEWLINEWhen Archdruid enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control.NEWLINETap two untapped Druids you control: Search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	AMP		\nMassive Scale	R	rare	Enchantment – Aura 	136	R	2R	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+2, has menace, and has mana value X, where X is 6 plus its base mana value.NEWLINEWhenever a creature with mana value 6 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Massive Scale from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AMP		\nEssence-Flooded Serpent	G	rare	Creature – Serpent 	167	G	4GG	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is the amount of life you gained this turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life.NEWLINEEssence-Flooded Serpent can’t be blocked by creatures with power less than the amount of life you gained this turn.	5/5		normal	AMP		\nAnger to Remorse	W	rare	Instant	3	W	WWW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEExile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.			normal	AMP		\nEnigma Field	U	rare	Enchantment	51	U	4U	Each noncreature artifact you control is an artifact creature with base power and toughness 3/3. (Equipment that’s a creature can’t equip a creature.)			normal	AMP		\nArisen Insanity	B	rare	Sorcery	80	B	1B	Mill two cards. When you do, destroy up to one target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than the number of cards in your graveyard.NEWLINE3BB, Exile Arisen Insanity from your graveyard: Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	AMP		\nBlind Bashing	G	rare	Sorcery	158	G	3GG	Until end of turn, target creature gets +3/+3 and gains “Whenever this creature is dealt damage, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.” Then it fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	AMP		\nEnd the End	G	rare	Sorcery	166	G	GG	Permanents your opponents control lose hexproof and indestructible until end of turn. NEWLINEUntil end of turn, whenever a permanent dealt noncombat damage by a creature you control this turn dies, draw a card.NEWLINETarget creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.			normal	AMP		\nPresence of Greatness	W	mythic	Enchantment	24	W	1WW	Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you control a creature with mana value 5 or greater.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 10 life if you control a creature with mana value 10 or greaterNEWLINEYou and other permanents you control have protection from opponents if you control a creature with mana value 15 or greater. (They can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything controlled by those players.)			normal	AMP		\nWisdom Quantifier	U	rare	Artifact	78	U	2U	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may pay 1. If you do, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	AMP		\nDoom to Inferiority	B	rare	Sorcery	86	B	4B	Destroy all creatures with mana value less than target creature’s mana value.			normal	AMP		\nAncient Aria	R	mythic	Enchantment	117	R	3R	At the beginning of your upkeep, if creatures you control have total mana value 5 or greater, you may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards. Then if creatures you control have total mana value 10 or greater, return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand. Then Ancient Aria deals 20 damage to each opponent if creatures you control have total mana value 20 or greater.			normal	AMP		\nChord of Calling	G	rare	Instant	161	G	XGGG	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINESearch your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	AMP		\nPinnacle of Origin		rare	Artifact	219	C	3	As Pinnacle of Origin enters the battlefield, choose a creature type. (Sea monster is not a creature type.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell of the chosen type, put a charge counter on Pinnacle of Origin.NEWLINESpells of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast for each charge counter on Pinnacle of Origin.			normal	AMP		\nThought Replicator		rare	Artifact	223	C	4	When Thought Replicator enters the battlefield, exile all cards from your hand until Thought Replicator leaves the battlefield.NEWLINE0: Put a nonland card you own exiled with Thought Replicator into your hand. Create a copy of the card. You may cast the copy. (You still pay its costs.)NEWLINET: Put a land card you own exiled with Thought Replicator into your hand. Create a token that’s a copy of it. You can’t play lands this turn. Activate only if you haven’t played a land this turn and only as a sorcery.			normal	AMP		\nAwakened Attendant		rare	Artifact Creature – Golem 	210	C	2	Apex–At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control a creature with mana value 6 or greater, create a token that’s a copy of Awakened Attendant.	2/2		normal	AMP		\nNuvan, the Deep-Favored	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	63	URG	1UU	Whenever a sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 3. If you do and U was spent this way, draw a card. If you do and R was spent this way, that creature deals damage equal to its power to each opponent. If you do and G was spent this way, you gain life equal to its power. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters. Do each applicable effect if UR, RG, GU, or GUR was spent.)	3/3		normal	AMP		\nMt. Skyshred	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Elemental 	203	RG	6RG	You may pay RG rather than this spell’s mana cost. If you do, it enters the battlefield tapped with five slumber counters on it.NEWLINEAs long as Mt. Skyshred has a slumber counter on it, it’s a land. (It’s not a creature.)NEWLINEWhenever Mt. Skyshred becomes tapped, you may remove a slumber counter for it.NEWLINET: Add R or G.	8/8		normal	AMP		\nThrone of Amplalo		rare	Legendary Land	261	C		T: Add C, then add an additional C for each creature you control with mana value 6 or greater.			normal	AMP		\nAutochthon Wurm	WG	rare	Creature – Wurm 	193	WG	10GGGWW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINETrample	9/14		normal	AMP		\nLoa, The All-Caller	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	20	WRG	W	When Loa, The All-Caller enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Giant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.NEWLINE1, T: Until end of turn, Giant spells you cast cost RGW less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.	1/1		normal	AMP		\nPulai, Esteemed Honorer	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Cleric 	26	W	1W	Whenever Pulai, Esteemed Honorer becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever a creature Pulai convoked enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	2/1		normal	AMP		\nNormungan, Shelled Scourge	U	mythic	Legendary Creature – Trilobite 	62	U	8UU	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINENormungan, Shelled Scourge, Crabs, and other Trilobites you control are sea monsters.NEWLINEWhen Normungan enters the battlefield, create a 0/2 blue Trilobite creature token for each Island you control.NEWLINESacrifice another sea monster: Target creature gains hexproof until end of turn.	8/8		normal	AMP		\nEon Swallower	U	mythic	Creature – Leviathan 	52	U	4UU	Eon Swallower doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.NEWLINEUntap Eon Swallower during each other player’s untap step.NEWLINEWhenever Eon Swallower deals combat damage to a player, that player skips their next turn.	6/6		normal	AMP		\nEssence Etcher	B	mythic	Creature – Demon 	89	B	1B	Essence Etcher’s power and toughness are each equal to 1 plus your starting life total minus your life total.NEWLINEWhen Essence Etcher enters the battlefield, if it has toughness 0 or less, search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.	1+*/1+*		normal	AMP		\nCycle's End	B	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	84	B	4BB	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a doom counter on Cycle’s End, then each player sacrifices X permanents, where X is the number of doom counters on Cycle’s End.			normal	AMP		\nHuro, the Ash-Reader	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	132	R	3RR	Whenever a creature or planeswalker an opponent controls is dealt excess noncombat damage, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to the excess.NEWLINEXRR, T: Huro, the Ash-Reader deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	AMP		\nHavoc Rush	R	uncommon	Enchantment	131	R	1R	When Havoc Rush enters the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each artifact and/or creature you’ve sacrificed this turn.			normal	AMP		\nWorldtender	G	mythic	Creature – Human Druid 	192	G	2GG	VigilanceNEWLINET: Add G for each creature you control.	1/4		normal	AMP		\nSpellgorger Tyrano	G	mythic	Creature – Dinosaur 	185	G	4GG	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINETrampleNEWLINEExcess damage Spellgorger Tyrano deals while fighting is dealt to that creature’s controller instead.NEWLINEWhenever a creature or creature spell you control becomes the target of a spell or ability you don’t control, up to one target opponent who controls no creatures creates a 2/2 green Wolf creature token. Then Spellgorger Tyrano fights up to one target creature you don’t control.	6/5		normal	AMP		\nBeacon of Greatness		mythic	Legendary Artifact	211	WUBRG	4	When Beacon of Greatness enters the battlefield, search your library for a legendary card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINELegendary spells you cast cost WUBRG less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay.NEWLINENonlegendary creatures you control get +1/+1 for each legendary creature you control.			normal	AMP		\nTotal Devotion		mythic	Legendary Enchantment	1	C		Before you shuffle your deck to start the game, you may put up to one card named Total Devotion from outside the game onto the battlefield. If you do, you can’t cast spells with mana value 5 or less this game.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, choose one that hasn’t been chosen–NEWLINE• Create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens.NEWLINE• Create two tapped Treasure tokens.NEWLINE• Total Devotion deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Draw a card.			normal	AMP		\nE'Sol, Radiant One	WR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – E’Sol 	195	WR	4RW			As long as it’s your turn, E’Sol, Radiant One is a Giant creature with indestructible that’s still a planeswalker. He has power and toughness equal to the highest mana value among permanents you control.NEWLINEPrevent all damage that would be dealt to E’Sol, Radiant One during your turn.NEWLINE[+2]: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until end of turn and it costs 2 less to cast.NEWLINE[-4]: E’Sol, Radiant One gains lifelink until end of turn. If he’s a creature, he deals damage equal to his power to target creature you don’t control.	planeswalker	AMP	6	\nSacred Valley		rare	Legendary Land	256	W		2W: Put Sacred Valley from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINESacred Valley enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		M'Kuya, Sacred One	W	Legendary Creature – Giant Avatar 	W	5WW	Whenever another nontoken Giant creature enters the battlefield under your control, create a 5/5 white Giant Warrior creature token.NEWLINE5WW, T: Giant creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	7/7			!landslot\nEverlasting Typhoon		rare	Legendary Land	235	U		2U: Put Everlasting Typhoon from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEEverlasting Typhoon enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Sturmstrik, Typhoon-Bringer	U	Legendary Creature – Kraken Avatar 	U	6UU	Whenever Sturmstrik, Typhoon-Bringer or another sea monster enters the battlefield under your control, tap up to one target creature. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step for as long as you control Sturmstrik. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	8/8			!landslot\nThe Soul Cages		rare	Legendary Land	260	B		2B: Put The Soul Cages from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEThe Soul Cages enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Henzen, the Soulkeeper	B	Legendary Creature – Demon Avatar 	B	4BBB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Henzen, the Soulkeeper enters the battlefield, you can’t cast spells this turn.NEWLINEYou may cast spells from your hand by paying life equal to their mana value rather than paying their mana costs.	7/7			!landslot\nScourged Grounds		rare	Legendary Land	257	R		2R: Put Scourged Grounds from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEScourged Grounds enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Almax, the Scourge-Tyrant	R	Legendary Creature – Dragon Avatar 	R	6RR	FlyingNEWLINESacrifice thee permanents: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	8/8			!landslot\nEnduring Elevation		rare	Legendary Land	234	G		2G: Put Enduring Elevation from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEEnduring Elevation enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Stord, Endurance Incarnate	G	Legendary Creature – Turtle Avatar 	G	6GG	DefenderNEWLINEEach other creature you control gets +0/+X, where X is that creature’s base toughness.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, you gain 2 life for each damaged creature you control.	2/20			!landslot\nPath of Ruin		rare	Legendary Land	250	C		3: Put Path of Ruin from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEPath of Ruin enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.			modal double faced	AMP		Drund, the Ruinator-Titan		Legendary Artifact Creature – Golem Avatar 	C	12	Protection from multicolored (This permanent can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything multicolored.)NEWLINEWhen Drund, the Ruinator-Titan enters or leaves the battlefield, choose a land of each basic land type, then destroy those lands.	12/12			!landslot\nPredator's Den		rare	Legendary Land	254	R		2R: Put Predator’s Den from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEPredator’s Den enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.			modal double faced	AMP		Ripsnap, Apex Predator	R	Legendary Creature – Beast Avatar 	R	6RR	Whenever Ripsnap, Apex Predator or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEWhenever a creature an opponent controls dies, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	6/6			!landslot\nBed of the Sun		rare	Legendary Land	229	W		2W: Put Bed of the Sun from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEBed of the Sun enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.			modal double faced	AMP		Solborn	W	Legendary Creature – Giant Avatar 	W	6WW	When Solborn enters the battlefield, you may have your life total become equal to the greatest mana value among permanents you control.NEWLINESolborn’s power and toughness are each equal to your life total.	*/*			!landslot\nGorged Trench		rare	Legendary Land	241	U		2U: Put Gorged Trench from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEGorged Trench enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.			modal double faced	AMP		Gulch, the Deep-Gorger	U	Legendary Creature – Leviathan Avatar 	U	6UU	As Gulch, the Deep-Gorger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for any number of land cards, exile them, then shuffle. If you do, Gulch enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each land card exiled this way. Otherwise, Gulch enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWard 3	0/0			!landslot\nThrone of Bones		rare	Legendary Land	262	B		2B: Put Throne of Bones from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEThrone of Bones enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.			modal double faced	AMP		Skixlot, the Bone-King	B	Legendary Creature – Skeleton Avatar 	B	4BB	Skixlot, the Bone-King enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Skixlot, the Bone-King.NEWLINEB, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Skixlot, the Bone-King: Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.	0/0			!landslot\nCradle of Evergrowth		rare	Legendary Land	233	G		2G: Put Cradle of Evergrowth from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINECradle of Evergrowth enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.			modal double faced	AMP		Zorgaz the Unsurpassable	G	Legendary Creature – Hydra Avatar 	G	X4GG	Zorgaz the Unsurpassable enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEAs long as Zorgaz is on the battlefield, its mana value is equal to 6 plus the number of +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if Zorgaz has the greatest mana value among creatures on the battlefield, draw a card.	6/6			!landslot\nTomb of the Slain		mythic	Legendary Land	263	W		2W: Put Tomb of the Slain from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINETomb of the Slain enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINET: Return Tomb of the Slain to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Xiphaes, Eternal Slayer	W	Legendary Creature – Colossus 	W	13WW	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEVigilance, indestructibleNEWLINEWhen Xiphaes, Eternal Slayer enters the battlefield, exile any number of target nonland permanents with total mana value 15 or less.	15/15			!landslot\nMaw of the Deep		mythic	Legendary Land	246	U		2U: Put Maw of the Deep from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEMaw of the Deep enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINET: Return Maw of the Deep to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Abussaee, Deep Unleahed	U	Legendary Creature – Colossus 	U	13UU	Abussaee, Deep Unleahed is a sea monster.NEWLINEThis spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEHexproof, indestructibleNEWLINEWhen Abussaee enters the battlefield, draw seven cards. Until end of turn, you may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for non-Colossus sea monster spells you cast. (Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, Serpents, and Sharks are sea monsters.)	12/12			!landslot\nVault of the End		mythic	Legendary Land	264	B		2B: Put Vault of the End from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEVault of the End enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINET: Return Vault of the End to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Exodais, Harbinger of Ends	B	Legendary Creature – Colossus 	B	13BB	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEFlying, indestructibleNEWLINEWhen Exodais, Harbinger of Ends enters the battlefield, destroy all creatures. Draw a card for each creature destroyed this way.	13/13			!landslot\nNexus of the Beginning		mythic	Legendary Land	249	R		2R: Put Nexus of the Beginning from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINENexus of the Beginning enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINET: Return Nexus of the Beginning to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Eos, Forger of Beginnings	R	Legendary Creature – Colossus 	R	13RR	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEHaste, indestructibleNEWLINEWhen Eos, Forger of Beginnings enters the battlefield, exile half your library, rounded down.NEWLINEYou may play cards exiled with Eos.NEWLINEWhen Eos leaves the battlefield, shuffle any number of face-up exiled cards you own into your library.	12/12			!landslot\nHeart of the World		mythic	Legendary Land	245	G		2G: Put Heart of the World from your hand onto the battlefield. (It enters the battlefield as this land.)NEWLINEHeart of the World enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINET: Return Heart of the World to its owner’s hand.			modal double faced	AMP		Biotace, World Awoken	G	Legendary Creature – Colossus 	G	13GG	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINETrample, indestructibleNEWLINEWhen Biotace, World Awoken enters the battlefield, search your library for any number of land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEBiotace’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.	*/*			!landslot\nGulcux, Acolyte of Ends	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Gulcux 	198	BG	2BG			[+1]: Reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINE[-X]: Return target creature or land card with mana value X from your graveyard to the battlefield. (The mana value of a double-faced card is the mana value of its front face.)NEWLINE[-7]: Destroy all nonland permanents. You get an emblem with “At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return a creature or land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.”	planeswalker	AMP	4	\nKiora, Caller of the Deep	UG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Kiora 	201	UG	1GU			Sea monster spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.NEWLINE[+1]: Untap target permanent you control. You may return that permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE[-1]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE[-10]: Search your library for any number of sea monster cards and any number of land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle. Add five G and five U.	planeswalker	AMP	3	\nAmulet of Vigor		rare	Artifact	208	C	1	Whenever a permanent enters the battlefield tapped and under your control, untap it.			normal	AMP		\nCrafty Octopod	U	common	Creature – Octopus 	49	U	3U		1/8		normal	AMP		\nMurkwater Lurker	U	common	Creature – Serpent 	61	U	4UU	Apex–Murkwater Lurker has hexproof as long as you control another creature with mana value 6 or greater.	5/6		normal	AMP		\nVitalizing Boon	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	190	G	2G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Vitalizing Boon enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to enchanted creature’s mana value.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample.			normal	AMP		\nSilent Swordsman	W	common	Creature – Insect Warrior 	33	W	W	2W: Silent Swordsman gains double strike until end of turn.	1/2		normal	DD1		\nInventory Experts	W	common	Creature – Mouse Dinosaur Scout 	17	W	W	3W, T: Tap target creature. This ability costs 3 less to activate if you control a creature with three or more counters on it.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nTiny Titan	W	common	Creature – Bear Warrior 	39	W	1W	Tiny Titan enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Tiny Titan: Tiny Titan gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nNaive Explorers	W	common	Creature – Cat Lizard Scout 	26	W	1W	When Naive Explorers dies, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nSupplies Courrier	W	common	Creature – Bird Citizen 	36	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Supplies Courrier enters the battlefield, prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	1/1		normal	DD1		\nFortunate Few	W	common	Creature – Bear Lizard Scout 	11	W	2W		2/2	Lifelink (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up W (W: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 2-3] NEWLINE[level 4+] 	leveler	DD1		\nGuild Medic	W	common	Creature – Otter Cleric 	14	W	2W	Whenever one or more counters are put on a creature you control, you gain 1 life and scry 1. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nOutlaw Ambusher	W	common	Creature – Lizard Scout 	29	W	3W	W: Outlaw Ambusher gains first strike until end of turn. This ability costs 3 more to activate if it’s not your turn.	4/2		normal	DD1		\nGuild Recruiter	W	uncommon	Creature – Spirit Advisor 	15	W	3W	Guild Recruiter enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Guild Recruiter: Create a 1/1 white Scout creature token. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nFreelance Flock	W	common	Creature – Bird Scout 	12	W	4W		3/3	Flying (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 2-3] NEWLINE[level 4+] 	leveler	DD1		\nTop Team	W	common	Creature – Fox Dog Scout 	40	W	5W	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each counter among creatures you control.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nSwift Response	W	common	Instant	37	W	1W	Destroy target tapped creature.			normal	DD1		\nBring to Custody	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	6	W	1WW	Enchant nonland permanentNEWLINEWhen Bring to Custody enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINEEnchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.			normal	DD1		\nConquering Blow	W	common	Instant	9	W	3W	Choose one–NEWLINE• Exile target creature with power 4 or greater.NEWLINE• Exile target nonland permanent with three or more counters on it.			normal	DD1		\nKeep in Spirits	W	common	Sorcery	19	W	2W	Prepare each creature you control. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nLoot	W	common	Sorcery	22	W	1W	Escalate 1 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or both–NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.NEWLINE• Prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nShade Router	U	common	Creature – Bear Rogue 	78	U	1U	2U: Target creature can’t be blocked this turn.	1/3		normal	DD1		\nBreeze Dancer	U	common	Creature – Bird Wizard 	48	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, Breeze Dancer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	DD1		\nJob Sifters	U	common	Creature – Lizard Spirit Scout 	65	U	2U		2/3	Level up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-3] T: Draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE[level 4+] T: Draw a card.	leveler	DD1		\nSlinking Sneak	U	common	Creature – Cat Rogue 	80	U	2U	Sabotage – Whenever Slinking Sneak deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, draw a card.	3/2		normal	DD1		\nMindbreaker	U	common	Creature – Dog Rogue 	68	U	3U	Mindbreaker enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINESabotage – Whenever Mindbreaker deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, each opponent mills that many cards.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nDelivery Expert	U	common	Creature – Bird Citizen 	57	U	2UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Delivery Expert enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/3		normal	DD1		\nNameless Contact	U	common	Creature – Wolf Rogue 	70	U	4U	Sabotage – Whenever Nameless Contact deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	1/5		normal	DD1		\nLibrary Catalogers	U	common	Creature – Lizard Beast Citizen 	66	U	5U	Library Catalogers enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever one or more counters are put on Library Catalogers, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	3/4		normal	DD1		\nBefuddled Psychic	U	common	Creature – Bird Wizard 	47	U	1U		2/3	Defender (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] NEWLINE[level 3+] Befuddled Psychic can attack as though it didn’t have defender.	leveler	DD1		\nFuel for the Cause	U	common	Instant	60	U	2UU	Counter target spell, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nBattle Prowess	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	46	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEAs long as you control enchanted creature, it has vigilance. Otherwise it doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	DD1		\nStun Seed		common	Artifact	239	U	1	U, Sacrifice Stun Seed: Tap target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE2, Exile Stun Seed from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nCareful Preparation	U	common	Sorcery	49	U	U	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Draw a card.NEWLINE• Prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nContentious Plan	U	common	Sorcery	54	U	1U	Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	DD1		\nReach for the Stars	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	74	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Reach for the Stars enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.			normal	DD1		\nRookie Mistake	U	common	Instant	75	U	U	Until end of turn, target creature gets +0/+2 and another target creature gets -2/-0.			normal	DD1		\nPush Forward	U	common	Sorcery	73	U	1U	Prepare target creature. It can’t be blocked this turn. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nCorrosive Creep	B	common	Creature – Ooze Rogue 	88	B	B	Sabotage – Whenever Corrosive Creep deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, that player or planeswalker’s controller loses 1 life.	1/2		normal	DD1		\nScam Artist	B	common	Creature – Lizard Rogue 	110	B	1B	Sabotage – Whenever Scam Artist deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/3		normal	DD1		\nRestless Infiltrator	B	common	Creature – Spirit Rogue 	109	B	1B		2/2	Level up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-3] MenaceNEWLINE[level 4+] MenaceNEWLINEOther creatures you control have menace.	leveler	DD1		\nTomb Raiders	B	common	Creature – Spirit Soldier Scout 	118	B	1B	When Tomb Raiders enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a nonenchantment permanent. If you do, draw a card.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nGhastly Gang	B	common	Creature – Spirit Rogue 	94	B	2B	Ghastly Gang enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Ghastly Gang: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nTreachorous Team	B	common	Creature – Cat Snake Scout 	119	B	2B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Treachorous Team enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/2		normal	DD1		\nPath Patrol	B	common	Creature – Cat Rogue 	106	B	3B	Sabotage – Whenever Path Patrol deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nLoyalless Scrounger	B	common	Creature – Lizard 	102	B	3B	1B, Exile a card from your graveyard: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE• Prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE• Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	4/2		normal	DD1		\nHeartless Butcher	B	common	Creature – Beast Rogue 	99	B	4B	Heartless Butcher enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Heartless Butcher: Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	3/4		normal	DD1		\nDarkwood Pathfinder	B	common	Creature – Fungush Beast Scout 	89	B	5B	MenaceNEWLINEWhen Darkwood Pathfinder enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	4/4		normal	DD1		\nAmbush Attack	B	common	Sorcery	83	B	3B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control.NEWLINEEach opponent sacrifices a creature.			normal	DD1		\nConsequence of Carelessness	B	uncommon	Instant	87	B	XB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each counter among creatures you control.NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker with mana value X or less.			normal	DD1		\nTempting Spoils	B	common	Sorcery	116	B	1BB	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	DD1		\nReviver Seed		common	Artifact	237	B	1	B, Sacrifice Reviver Seed: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE2, Exile Reviver Seed from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nFret	B	common	Sorcery	93	B	2B	Target opponent discards two cards. Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nThieves' Tools	B	common	Artifact – Equipment 	117	B	1B	When Thieves’ Tools enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEEquipped creature can’t be blocked as long as its power is 3 or less.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	DD1		\nOptimistic Ambition	B	common	Instant	104	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control, then prepare it.” (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nCunning Thief	R	common	Creature – Wolf Rogue 	130	R	1R	Sabotage – Whenever Cunning Thief deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nFlare Beast	R	common	Creature – Elemental Beast 	143	R	1R	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever you cast a spell that targets Flare Beast, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nShinx Assistant	R	common	Creature – Cat Scout 	157	R	1R	The first noncreature spell you cast each turn costs 1 less to cast.	1/3		normal	DD1		\nDedicated Dungeoneer	R	common	Creature – Beast Scout 	133	R	2R	As long as it’s your turn, Dedicated Dungeoneer has first strike.NEWLINEWhen Dedicated Dungeoneer enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	2/1		normal	DD1		\nShade Bruisers	R	common	Creature – Beast Rogue 	155	R	2R	Sabotage – Whenever Shade Bruisers deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, it deals that much damage to each opponent.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nCatalyst Concotor	R	common	Creature – Fox Wizard 	128	R	3R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Catalyst Concotor.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nEmboldened Explorer	R	common	Creature – Beast Scout Warrior 	136	R	5R		6/5	Level up R (R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-4] MenaceNEWLINE[level 5+] Menace	leveler	DD1		\nUntapped Potential	R	common	Instant	159	R	2R	Up to two target creatures you control each gain first strike until end of turn. Prepare those creatures. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nDash Through	R	common	Instant	132	R	R	Escalate 1 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Target creature can’t block this turn.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nIntimidation Tactics	R	common	Enchantment – Aura 	146	R	1R	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has menace.NEWLINESabotage – Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may return Intimidation Tactics to its owner’s hand.			normal	DD1		\nBlaze of Hope	R	common	Instant	124	R	1R	Target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Other creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	DD1		\nRock Smash	R	common	Sorcery	154	R	R	This spell costs 2 more to cast if it targets a nonartifact permanent.NEWLINEChoose one–NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target nonbasic land.NEWLINE• Destroy target creature with defender.			normal	DD1		\nQuick Seed		common	Artifact	236	R	1	R, Sacrifice Quick Seed: Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE2, Exile Quick Seed from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nGarden Guaridnas	G	common	Creature – Plant Fish Druid 	178	G	G	Garden Guaridnas enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Garden Guaridnas: Add G. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	0/1		normal	DD1		\nBerry Sharer	G	common	Creature – Crocodile 	165	G	1G	When Berry Sharer enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE• Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/1		normal	DD1		\nAloof Adventurer	G	common	Creature – Goat Scout 	164	G	2G	Aloof Adventurer enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Aloof Adventurer: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	3/1		normal	DD1		\nHeadlong Explorers	G	common	Creature – Beast Scout 	181	G	2G		2/3	Vigilance (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] NEWLINE[level 3+] Trample	leveler	DD1		\nLively Gathering	G	common	Creature – Beast Bird Mouse Otter Lizard 	183	G	2G	Lively Gathering enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINETrample	0/0		normal	DD1		\nDistant Travelers	G	common	Creature – Fox Lizard Scout 	171	G	3G	Landfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Distant Travelers.	3/4		normal	DD1		\nExpeditious Wanderer	G	common	Creature – Plant Dinosaur Scout 	175	G	3G	ReachNEWLINEWhen Expeditious Wanderer enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	3/3		normal	DD1		\nMindless Devourer	G	common	Creature – Snake 	185	G	4G	Mindless Devourer enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nElder Advisors	G	common	Creature – Ape Plant Dinosaur Advisor 	173	G	3GG	When Elder Advisors enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Prepare each of up to two target creatures. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE• Prepare target creature twice.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nSmell Fear	G	common	Sorcery	191	G	1G	Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINETarget creature you control fights up to one target creature you don’t control.			normal	DD1		\nHarvest	G	common	Sorcery	180	G	G	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or both–NEWLINE• Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE• You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.			normal	DD1		\nTalons of Wildwood	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	194	G	1G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.)NEWLINE2G: Return Talons of Wildwood from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	DD1		\nSpider's Spinnings	G	common	Instant	192	G	2G	Choose one–NEWLINE• Prepare target creature. Put a reach counter on it. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE• Destroy target creature with flying.			normal	DD1		\nReturn to Nature	G	common	Instant	188	G	1G	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.NEWLINE• Exile target card from a graveyard.			normal	DD1		\nBladed Apprentice		common	Artifact Creature – Spirit 	219	C	1	Bladed Apprentice enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Bladed Apprentice dies, if it had counters on it, prepare target creature once for each counter Bladed Apprentice had. (To prepare a creature, if it it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	0/0		normal	DD1		\nItem Broker		common	Creature – Lizard Citizen 	2	C	4	When Item Broker enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a noncreature artifact card with mana value 2 or less, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	3/2		normal	DD1		\nIron Menace		common	Artifact Creature – Bird 	231	C	5	Flying, menaceNEWLINEIron Menace enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	DD1		\nPrying Blade		common	Artifact – Equipment 	235	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+0.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	DD1		\nExpedition Map		common	Artifact	224	C	1	2, T, Sacrifice Expedition Map: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		\nTeam Badge		common	Artifact	241	C	3	When Team Badge enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		\nKindly Coach	W	uncommon	Creature – Cat Advisor 	21	W	W	When Kindly Coach enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/2		normal	DD1		\nKindly Caretaker	W	uncommon	Creature – Egg Beast Cleric 	20	W	1W		1/3	Level up 3W (3W: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] NEWLINE[level 3+] Kindly Caretaker’s power and toughness are each equal to your life total or equal to 4, whichever is greater.	leveler	DD1		\nCafe Master	W	uncommon	Creature – Bear Citizen 	7	W	1W	1W, T: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nIncarceration Assistant	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature – Construct Soldier 	16	W	1WW	Incarceration Assistant enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Incarceration Assistant: Exile target creature until Incarceration Assistant leaves the battlefield. If a creature is put into exile this way, return each other card exiled with Incarceration Assistant to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	1/3		normal	DD1		\nTrusted Teammate	W	common	Creature – Jackal Scout 	42	W	3W	Trusted Teammate enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Trusted Teammate: Prepare another target creature. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	3/2		normal	DD1		\nWise Guide	W	uncommon	Creature – Insect Citizen 	43	W	3WW	Wise Guide enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWhenever one or more counters are put on Wise Guide, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	0/0		normal	DD1		\nNameless Guardian	W	uncommon	Creature – Dragon Scout 	27	W	2WW		3/3	Flying (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-3] VigilanceNEWLINE[level 4+] Vigilance, lifelink	leveler	DD1		\nStrike Expert	W	uncommon	Creature – Otter Warrior 	35	W	2W	Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Strike Expert gains double strike until end of turn. (Leveling up is an activated ability.)	3/3		normal	DD1		\nAmiable Collaboration	W	uncommon	Sorcery	5	W	W	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 white Scout creature token.NEWLINE• Prepare a creature you control. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE• Scry 2.NEWLINE• You gain 4 life.			normal	DD1		\nMentor the Youth	W	uncommon	Enchantment	25	W	W	Whenever a creature with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, put a quest counter on Mentor the Youth.NEWLINERemove five quest counters from Mentor the Youth and sacrifice it: Prepare each creature you control. Those creatures gain vigilance until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nLuca's Influence	W	uncommon	Enchantment	24	W	2W	When Luca’s Influence enters the battlefield, put a lifelink counter on target creature you control.NEWLINEIf a source you control with two or more instances of lifelink would cause you to gain life, you instead gain twice that much life.NEWLINE1W: Move a lifelink counter from target creature you control onto another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nDistraction Technique	U	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	58	U	U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Distraction Technique enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Scout creature token.NEWLINEEnchanted creature has flying.			normal	DD1		\nInnocuous Observer	U	uncommon	Creature – Bat Rogue 	64	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Innocuous Observer deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/1		normal	DD1		\nMoonlight Harnesser	U	uncommon	Creature – Faerie 	69	U	1UU	When Moonlight Harnesser enters the battlefield, when you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nSearch Party	U	uncommon	Creature – Fox Salamander Scout 	76	U	3U		3/4	Level up U (U: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] 1U: Draw a card. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.NEWLINE[level 3+] 0: Draw a card. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	leveler	DD1		\nArcane Thief	U	uncommon	Creature – Cat Rogue 	45	U	3UU	Sabotage – Whenever Arcane Thief deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may return up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/5		normal	DD1		\nArcana Chasers	U	uncommon	Creature – Bird Dinosaur Cat Scout 	44	U	2U		3/2	Level up 3 (3: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1] Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINE[level 2+] Flying, prowessNEWLINENoncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	leveler	DD1		\nMessenger Master	U	uncommon	Creature – Dragon Citizen 	67	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEMessenger Master enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	0/0		normal	DD1		\nChart a Course	U	uncommon	Sorcery	51	U	1U	Draw two cards. Then discard a card unless you attacked this turn.			normal	DD1		\nCounteract	U	uncommon	Instant	55	U	1UU	Choose one–NEWLINE• Counter target spell.NEWLINE• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	DD1		\nDecipher the Lost Scriptures	U	uncommon	Enchantment	56	U	1U	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a quest counter on Decipher the Lost Scriptures.NEWLINEWhenever you draw a card, if Decipher the Lost Scriptures has three or more quest counters on it, prepare target creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nGarde's Influence	U	uncommon	Enchantment	61	U	2U	When Garde’s Influence enters the battlefield, put a flying counter on target creature you control.NEWLINEEach creature you control with two or more instances of flying can’t be blocked.NEWLINE1U: Move a flying counter from target creature you control onto another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nLone Traveler	B	uncommon	Creature – Crocodile Scout 	101	B	B	When Lone Traveler enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINELandfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	0/1		normal	DD1		\nSly Larcenist	B	uncommon	Creature – Cat Rogue 	114	B	1BB	DeathtouchNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Sly Larcenist deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, exile the top card of that player’s or planeswalker’s controller’s library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast it.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nScrutinous Accountant	B	uncommon	Creature – Cat Citizen 	112	B	3B	Scrutinous Accountant enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Scrutinous Accountant: Create a Treasure token. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/3		normal	DD1		\nCavern Crawlers	B	uncommon	Creature – Beast Bird Scout 	84	B	3B	When Cavern Crawlers enters the battlefield, it explores. Then, proliferate. (To explore, reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard. To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nRecovery Crew	B	uncommon	Creature – Dragon Jellysfish Beast Rogue 	108	B	4BB	FlyingNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Recovery Crew deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nHardened Explorers	B	uncommon	Creature – Dragon Scout 	97	B	4B		5/4	Level up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-3] 1B: Tap Hardened Explorers. It gains indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINE[level 4+] Indestructible	leveler	DD1		\nGlimmer Digger	B	uncommon	Creature – Imp 	95	B	1B	Glimmer Digger enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a +1/+1 counter from Glimmer Digger: You draw a card and you lose 1 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nHazardous Happenstance	B	common	Instant	98	B	2B	Destroy target creature with two or fewer counters on it.			normal	DD1		\nEmerge from the Caverns	B	uncommon	Sorcery	92	B	2BB	When Emerge from the Caverns is put into your graveyard from your library, you may return it from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEReturn target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	DD1		\nPlease the Boss	B	uncommon	Enchantment	107	B	1B	Whenever one or more Treasures enter the battlefield under your control, put a quest counter on Please the Boss.NEWLINEAs long as Please the Boss has four or more quest counters on it, Treasures you control have “T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”			normal	DD1		\nScourge's Influence	B	uncommon	Enchantment	111	B	B	When Scourge’s Influence enters the battlefield, put a menace counter on target creature you control.NEWLINEEach creature you control with two or more instances of menace can’t be blocked except by three or more creatures.NEWLINE1B: Move a menace counter from target creature you control onto another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nEnflamed Rebel	R	uncommon	Creature – Lizard Rogue 	137	R	R	Sabotage – Whenever Enflamed Rebel deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, Enflamed Rebel deals 1 damage to any target.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nEager Explorers	R	uncommon	Creature – Mouse Bird Scout 	135	R	1R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Eager Explorers explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/1		normal	DD1		\nOutlaw Hunter	R	uncommon	Creature – Lizard Warrior 	150	R	1RR	Whenever you cast a spell that targets Outlaw Hunter, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.	1/2		normal	DD1		\nFurious Fighters	R	uncommon	Creature – Insect Lizard Beast Scout 	144	R	3R		4/2	Level up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] As long as it’s your turn, creatures you control have trample.NEWLINE[level 3+] As long as it’s your turn, creatures you control have first strike and trample.	leveler	DD1		\nTectonic Forger	R	uncommon	Creature – Camel Rogue 	158	R	4RR	TrampleNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Tectonic Forger deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may cast an instant or sorcery card from your hand without paying its mana cost.	6/4		normal	DD1		\nBlaststoker	R	uncommon	Creature – Elemental Beast Shaman 	123	R	1R	Whenever a source you control deals noncombat damage to a player, proliferate. This ability triggers only once each turn. (To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nFestival Throwers	R	uncommon	Creature – Plant Wolf Citizen 	141	R	2R		3/2	Level up 2R (2R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] 0: Add R. Spend this mana only to cast noncreature spells. Activate only once each turn.NEWLINE[level 3+] At the beginning of your precombat main phase and whenever you cast a noncreature spell, add R.	leveler	DD1		\nBreath of Demarcus	R	uncommon	Instant	126	R	2R	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power or equal to the number of counters on it, whichever is greater, to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. Excess damage is dealt to that permanent’s controller.			normal	DD1		\nHeat of Battle	R	uncommon	Sorcery	145	R	1R	Repeat the following process three times. Choose target creature. If you control that creature, it gets +1/+0 and gains trample until end of turn. Otherwise, Heat of Battle deals 1 damage to it.			normal	DD1		\nMaster the Elements	R	uncommon	Enchantment	148	R	1R	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a quest counter on Master the Elements.NEWLINERemove three quest counters from Master the Elements and sacrifice it: Each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast each of those cards from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	DD1		\nPsyche's Influence	R	uncommon	Enchantment	151	R	1R	When Psyche’s Influence enters the battlefield, put a first strike counter on target creature you control.NEWLINEEach creature you control with two or more instances of first strike has double strike.NEWLINE1R: Move a first strike counter from target creature you control onto another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nLazed Lookout	G	uncommon	Creature – Beast Scout 	182	G	G	Lazed Lookout enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Lazed Lookout enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/1		normal	DD1		\nMarket Master	G	uncommon	Creature – Rhino Citizen 	184	G	1G		2/2	Level up 1G (1G: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-3] Market Master gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control.NEWLINE[level 4+] At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Scout creature token.NEWLINEMarket Master gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control.	leveler	DD1		\nForest Flourishers	G	uncommon	Creature – Snake Druid 	176	G	3G	Landfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/4		normal	DD1		\nUndergrowth Dredger	G	uncommon	Creature – Insect Scout 	197	G	1GG	When Undergrowth Dredger enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINEWhen Undergrowth Dredger dies, you may exile it. If you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nTag Team	G	uncommon	Creature – Frog Insect Warrior 	193	G	3GG	Tag Team enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Tag Team: Target creature has base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is Tag Team’s power. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nVersatile Veterans	G	uncommon	Creature – Slug Dragon Lizard Scout 	199	G	4GG	Versatile Veterans enters the battlefield with six +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Versatile Veterans: Choose one. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.NEWLINE• Put a vigilance counter on Versatile Veterans.NEWLINE• Put a reach counter on Versatile Veterans.NEWLINE• Put a trample counter on Versatile Veterans.NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on Versatile Veterans.	0/0		normal	DD1		\nGather the Crowd	G	uncommon	Enchantment	179	G	1G	Whenever a non-Human creature with three or more creature types enters the battlefield under your control, put a quest counter on Gather the Crowd.NEWLINEAs long as Gather the Crowd has three or more quest counters on it, whenever a non-Human creature enters the battlefield under your control, prepare it once for each creature type it has beyond the second.			normal	DD1		\nAdventuring Crew	G	uncommon	Creature – Bird Beast Scout 	161	G	3G	When Adventuring Crew enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. If you didn’t put a card into your hand this way, put two +1/+1 counters on Adventuring Crew.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nCollective Enrichment	G	rare	Sorcery	167	G	1G	Escalate–Sacrifice a land. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one more more–NEWLINE• Target player proliferates, then proliferates again.NEWLINE• Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.NEWLINE• Target player creates two 1/1 white Scout creature tokens.			normal	DD1		\nAdventurous Collaboration	G	uncommon	Sorcery	162	G	G	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Mill three cards.NEWLINE• Return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Return a land card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nRefuge Seekers	G	uncommon	Creature – Jackal Beast Scout 	187	G	3G	Refuge Seekers enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Refuge Seekers enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Refuge Seekers: You gain 2 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nOverpower	W	uncommon	Instant	30	W	W	Exile target creature with power less than the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	DD1		\nConfounding Collaboration	U	uncommon	Instant	53	U	U	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Target creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Tap target creature.NEWLINE• Put a stun counter on target creature. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)NEWLINE• Target player draws a card.			normal	DD1		\nDiabolical Collaboration	B	uncommon	Instant	90	B	B	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Remove two counters from target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Target player creates a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINE• Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn.			normal	DD1		\nDaring Collaboration	R	uncommon	Sorcery	131	R	R	Escalate 2 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Daring Collaboration deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Target player exiles the top two cards of their library. Until end of turn, they may play one of those cards.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target creature can’t block this turn.			normal	DD1		\nDrax's Influence	G	uncommon	Enchantment	172	G	1G	When Drax’s Influence enters the battlefield, put a trample counter on target creature you control.NEWLINECreatures you control with two or more instances of trample have “You may have this creature assign its combat damage as though it weren’t blocked.”NEWLINE1G: Move a trample counter from target creature you control onto another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nHelper Orb		uncommon	Artifact	229	W	2	When Helper Orb enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE3W, Sacrifice Helper Orb: Create three 1/1 white Scout creature tokens.			normal	DD1		\nSlumber Orb		uncommon	Artifact	238	U	2	When Slumber Orb enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE4U, Sacrifice Slumber Orb: Tap all creatures your opponents control.			normal	DD1		\nTwo-Edge Orb		uncommon	Artifact	243	B	2	When Two-Edge Orb enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1B, Sacrifice Two-Edge Orb: Destroy target creature. You lose life equal to that creature’s mana value.			normal	DD1		\nHurl Orb		uncommon	Artifact	230	R	2	When Hurl Orb enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1R, Sacrifice Hurl Orb and another creature: Hurl Orb deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	DD1		\nLuminous Orb		uncommon	Artifact	233	G	2	When Luminous Orb enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINE1G, Sacrifice Luminous Orb: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		\nTenacious Digger		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Insect 	242	C	1	4: Return Tenacious Digger from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	1/2		normal	DD1		\nChirping Songbird		uncommon	Creature – Bird 	1	C	4	FlyingNEWLINE4: Prepare target creature. Activate only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nCavern Coiler		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Snake 	220	C	10	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card in your graveyard.NEWLINEMenace	6/6		normal	DD1		\nSupplies Stash		uncommon	Artifact	240	C	2	Supplies Stash enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.NEWLINE2, T, Remove a charge counter from Supplies Stash: Prepare target creature. Activate only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nVillage Outcrop		uncommon	Land	249	C		T: Add CC. Spend this mana only to activate abilities. (Leveling up is an activated ability.)			normal	DD1		\nAccomplished Mentor	W	rare	Creature – Plant Dinosaur Advisor 	4	W	2W		3/3	Level up WNEWLINE[level 1-3] If one or more counters would be put on another permanent you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.NEWLINE[level 4+] If one or more counters would be put on another permanent you control, twice that many of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.	leveler	DD1		\nFresh Recruits	W	rare	Creature – Plant Dinosaur Mouse Scout 	13	W	W		1/1	Level up 2NEWLINE[level 1] VigilanceNEWLINE[level 2] First strike, vigilanceNEWLINE[level 3+] First strike, vigilance, lifelink	leveler	DD1		\nExpedition Leader	W	rare	Creature – Sheep Advisor Scout 	10	W	2WW	Expedition Leader enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever you attack, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/2		normal	DD1		\nTeam Captain	W	rare	Artifact Creature – Beast Scout 	38	W	4WW	Team Captain enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Team Captain: Untap all creatures you control. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nCollective Encouragement	W	rare	Sorcery	8	W	3W	Escalate–Tap two untapped creatures you control. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Prepare target creature three times. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then do it two more times.)NEWLINE• Put a first strike counter, a vigilance counter, and a lifelink counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put an indestructible counter on target creature.			normal	DD1		\nThe Lost Logs	W	rare	Legendary Artifact	23	W	1W	Whenever you attack, put a page counter on The Lost Logs.NEWLINET, Remove a page counter from The Lost Logs: Draw a card.NEWLINET, Remove two page counters from The Lost Logs: Prepare target creature.NEWLINET, Remove five page counters from The Lost Logs: Search your library for a legendary card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		\nSeek the Wish-Granter	W	rare	Enchantment	32	W	W	Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, put a quest counter on Seek the Wish-Granter.NEWLINERemove four quest counters from Seek the Wish-Granter and sacrifice it: Choose one and create a white enchantment token with that name and ability.NEWLINE• Favor – “If an attacking creature you control would die, you may instead return it to its owner’s hand.”NEWLINE• Fame – “Creatures you control get +1/+1.”NEWLINE• Friends – “At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Scout creature token.”			normal	DD1		\nZoro, the Beckoner	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Shapeshifter 	218	UG	1GU	When Zoro, the Beckoner enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a legendary card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE2GU: Choose another target legendary permanent. If that permanent is a planeswalker, put a loyalty counter on Zoro. Then (even if the permanent isn’t a planeswalker), Zoro becomes a copy of that permanent until end of turn, except its name is still Zoro, the Beckoner.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nCelestial Tear	U	rare	Artifact – Equipment 	50	U	2U	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, take an extra turn after this one.NEWLINEEquipped creature can’t attack during extra turns.NEWLINEEquip 2U			normal	DD1		\nCollective Development	U	rare	Sorcery	52	U	2UU	Escalate–Exile two noncreature cards from your graveyard. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Target player draws two cards.NEWLINE• Create a token that’s a copy of target nonland permanent you control.NEWLINE• Target player puts a flying counter on each creature they control.			normal	DD1		\nTraining Grounds	U	rare	Enchantment	82	U	U	Activated abilities of creatures you control cost up to 2 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana. (Leveling up is an activated ability.)			normal	DD1		\nFollow the Illusionist's Path	U	rare	Enchantment	59	U	1U	Whenever you draw a card, if it has mana value greater than the number of quest counters on Follow the Illusionist’s Path, you may reveal it and put a quest counter on Follow the Illusionist’s Path.NEWLINEAs long as Follow the Illusionist’s Path has four or more quest counters on it, you may look at the top card of your library at any time and you may play lands and cast spells from the top of your library.			normal	DD1		\nMobile Scarf		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	234	U	2	Whenever Mobile Scarf becomes attached to a creature for the first time each turn, draw a card.NEWLINEEquipped creature can’t be blocked.NEWLINEEquip UU			normal	DD1		\nShade's Silencer	B	rare	Creature – Frog Rogue Assassin 	113	B	2B	Deathtouch, hasteNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Shade’s Silencer deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, that player or planeswalker’s controller gets two poison counters. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)	1/3		normal	DD1		\nHypnotic Spirit	B	rare	Creature – Spirit Rogue 	100	B	3B	Hypnotic Spirit enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever an opponent discards a land card, put a +1/+1 counter on Hypnotic Spirit.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Hypnotic Spirit: Target player discards a card. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nSoul Husk	B	rare	Creature – Insect Spirit 	115	B	B		1/1	Flying, protection from blue and from red (This creature always has these abilities.)NEWLINELevel up 2NEWLINE[level 2-3] DeathtouchNEWLINE[level 4+] First strike, deathtouch	leveler	DD1		\nTreasure Tyrant	B	rare	Creature – Dragon 	120	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Treasure Tyrant deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, create that many tapped Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINEWhenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nCollective Despoilment	B	rare	Sorcery	85	B	1B	Escalate–Pay 2 life. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Each opponent sacrifices a nontoken creature.NEWLINE• Each opponent discards a card.NEWLINE• Each opponent loses 3 life.			normal	DD1		\nUncover the Lost Treasure	B	rare	Enchantment	121	B	B	Whenever one or more cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere other than the stack, put a quest counter on Uncover the Lost Treasure.NEWLINERemove six quest counters from Uncover the Lost Treasure and sacrifice it: Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle. Create three Treasure tokens.			normal	DD1		\nFickle Ribbon		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	226	B	2	Whenever Fickle Ribbon becomes attached to a creature for the first time each turn, draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature attacks, it gets +3/+0 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.NEWLINEEquip BB			normal	DD1		\nRisky Runners	R	rare	Creature – Sheep Ferret Rogue 	152	R	1RR	HasteNEWLINESabotage – Whenever Risky Runners deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw three cards.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nRoaring Supporter	R	rare	Creature – Cat Warrior Scout 	153	R	2RR		2/4	Whenever Roaring Supporter attacks, target attacking creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is Roaring Supporter’s power. (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up 1RNEWLINE[level 2-3] NEWLINE[level 4+] Trample	leveler	DD1		\nCollective Empowerment	R	rare	Sorcery	129	R	2R	Escalate–Discard a card. (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Collective Empowerment deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains double strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Return target instant or sorcery card not named Collective Empowerment from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	DD1		\nShaman of Stories	R	rare	Creature – Jackal Shaman 	156	R	2R	Whenever you cast a spell from your hand that targets Shaman of Stories, exile that spell as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast that card from exile without paying its mana cost.	3/2		normal	DD1		\nMolten Vortex	R	rare	Enchantment	149	R	R	R, Discard a land card: Molten Vortex deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	DD1		\nExplore the Deepest Caverns	R	rare	Enchantment	140	R	R	Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater dies, put a quest counter on Explore the Deepest Caverns.NEWLINERemove three quest counters from Explore the Deepest Caverns and sacrifice it: Exile the top three cards of your library. You may cast any number of spells from among them without paying their mana costs. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		\nCarnage King	G	rare	Creature – Dinosaur 	166	G	1GG		3/3	Level up 1 (1: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] TrampleNEWLINE[level 3+] Trample, hexproof	leveler	DD1		\nFulfilled Retiree	G	rare	Creature – Wolf Scout 	177	G	3GG	TrampleNEWLINEEach creature you control gets +1/+1 for each counter on it.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nCrafty Solution	G	rare	Enchantment	168	G	G	Change the text of spells and abilities you control by replacing each instance of “activate only once each turn” with “activate up to two times each turn.”			normal	DD1		\nTrailblazer	G	rare	Creature – Jackal Scout 	196	G	2GG	Landfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Trailblazer explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Trailblazer: Put target permanent card from your graveyard on top of your library. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nPetal Dance	G	uncommon	Sorcery	186	G	1GG	Prepare target creature you control, then double the number of each kind of counter on that creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nVenture the Forbidden Forest	G	rare	Enchantment	198	G	1G	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, if it doesn’t share a name with another land you control, put a quest counter on Venture the Forbidden Forest.NEWLINERemove four quest counters from Venture the Forbidden Forest and sacrifice it: For each permanent type, you may return a card of that type from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	DD1		\nCoalition Scarf		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	221	W	2	Whenever Coalition Scarf becomes attached to a creature for the first time each turn, draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature attacks, creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEEquip WW			normal	DD1		\nExplosive Band		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	225	R	2	Whenever Explosive Band becomes attached to a creature for the first time each turn, draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to any target.NEWLINEEquip RR			normal	DD1		\nFierce Bandanna		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	227	G	2	Whenever Fierce Bandanna becomes attached to a creature for the first time each turn, draw a card.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.NEWLINEEquip GG			normal	DD1		\nPossibility Processor		rare	Creature – Beast Spirit 	3	C	2	Ward 2NEWLINEWhenever you choose one or more modes for a spell or ability, put a +1/+1 counter on Possibility Processor for each time you chose a mode for that spell.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nStand Together	W	mythic	Enchantment	34	W	3W	Each nontoken creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is its mana value.NEWLINEWhenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, its base power and toughness becomes 0/0. (Those creatures will continue to be 0/0 even after Stand Together leaves the battlefield.)			normal	DD1		\nProtean Impostor	U	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	72	U	1U		1/1	You may have Protean Impostor enter the battlefield as a copy of another creature you control, except it has Protean Impostor’s other abilities, and its power and toughness are equal to Protean Impostor’s power and toughness.NEWLINELevel up 1UNEWLINE[level 2-3] Ward 2NEWLINE[level 4+] Hexproof	leveler	DD1		\nSilver the Kindhearted	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Faerie Scout 	216	WG	3GW	Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, prepare that creature, then proliferate. (To prepare a creature, if it it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it. To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already NEWLINEthere.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\n Scourge, Father of Team Shade	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature – Hound Rogue 	200	UBR	UBR	If a creature you control dealing combat damage to a player or permanent causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.NEWLINEWhenever a Rogue you control attacks, target creature you don’t control can’t block this turn.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nGarde, Guild Organizer	WU	rare	Legendary Creature – Faerie Advisor 	206	WU	2WU	Partner with Psyche, Guild Mentor (When this creature enters, target player may put Psyche into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)NEWLINEWhenever you activate an ability, if it isn’t a mana ability, you may pay 2. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy. (Leveling up is an activated ability.)	3/4		normal	DD1		\nPsyche, Guild Mentor	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Soldier Scout Advisor 	213	WR	2RW	Partner with Garde, Guild Organizer (When this creature enters, target player may put Garde into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)NEWLINERW: Prepare each other attacking creature. Activate only if Psyche, Guild Mentor is attacking and only once each turn. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	4/3		normal	DD1		\nToren, Prodigious Explorer	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Jackal Scout 	41	W	W		2/1	(Add Toren’s level abilities cumulatively.)NEWLINEWhenever Toren, Prodigious Explorer attacks, put a level counter on it.NEWLINE[level 2+] First strikeNEWLINE[level 4+] VigilanceNEWLINEOther creatures you control get +1/+1.	leveler	DD1		\nNebby, Guardian of Worlds	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Nebby 	71	U	2UU			[+1]: Exile up to one other target nonland permanent you control. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of your next upkeep.NEWLINE[-X]: You may put a nonland permanent card with mana value X or less from your hand, from exile, or from outside the game onto the battlefield.NEWLINE[-6]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +0/+2 and have hexproof.”	planeswalker	DD1	3	48\nHostage Holder	U	mythic	Creature – Mouse Rogue 	62	U	2UU	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINESabotage – Whenever Hostage Holder deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, gain control of target creature or planeswalker that player or planeswalker’s controller controls until Hostage Holder leaves the battlefield.	2/3		normal	DD1		\nMaster Agents	B	mythic	Creature – Jackal Cat Assassin 	103	B	2BB	MenaceNEWLINEMaster Agents enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Master Agents: Each opponent loses life equal to Master Agents’s power. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nDubious Bidding	B	mythic	Sorcery	91	B	1B	If you cast Dubious Bidding from a hand, you draw a card, you lose 1 life, and you create a Treasure token.NEWLINEIf you cast Dubious Bidding from a graveyard, destroy target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINEIf you cast Dubious Bidding from a library, gain control of target creature.NEWLINEIf you cast Dubious Bidding from exile, search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		\nBlitz Traveler	R	mythic	Creature – Elemental Unicorn Scout 	125	R	3RR	Whenever Blitz Traveler attacks, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more cards are put into your graveyard from your hand or library, Blitz Traveler deals damage to any target equal to highest mana value among those cards.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nAspiring Heroes	R	mythic	Creature – Beast Crocodile Scout 	122	R	1R		2/2	(This creature cannot level up on its own. It is still a leveler. It will have the following ability at all levels.)NEWLINEEach creature you control with five or more level counters on it has double strike and trample.NEWLINE[level 1+] Aspiring Heroes gets +1/+1 for each level counter on it.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nTeam Effort	G	mythic	Sorcery	195	G	3G	Escalate 1. Spend only mana of different colors each time you pay this cost.NEWLINEChoose one or more–NEWLINE• Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.NEWLINE• Create three 1/1 white Scout creature tokens.NEWLINE• Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Double the number of each kind of counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE• Choose a land type and create a land token of that type.NEWLINE• You gain 5 life.			normal	DD1		\nRhythm Amplifier	G	mythic	Creature – Monkey Druid Warrior 	189	G	4G	Rhythm Amplifier enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEIf you would proliferate, you may instead double the number of each kind of counter on any number of permanents.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nThe Guardian Golems		mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature – Golem 	228	C	10	When The Guardian Golems enters the battlefield, if you cast it, create two tokens that are copies of it, except they aren’t legendary.NEWLINEWhenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, The Guardian Golems deals 1 damage to that creature.NEWLINESpells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	4/4		normal	DD1		\nEnvoy's Legacy	WUBRG	mythic	Enchantment – Saga 	204	WUBRG	2WUBRG			NEWLINEYou may put a non-Saga permanent card from your hand, from exile, or from outside the game onto the battlefield.NEWLINEExile target creature.NEWLINETake an extra turn after this one.NEWLINEV, VI, C – Put a hexproof counter and an indestructible counter on target creature.	saga	DD1		\nEevium Z		rare	Legendary Artifact – Equipment 	222	WUBRG	3	Whenever equipped creature attacks, prepare it once for each of its colors. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEAs long as equipped creature is named Jacob, Memory Seeker, it is all colors.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	DD1		\nJirachi, Wish Granter	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Jirachi 	18	W	1WW			[+2]: Exile the top card of your library face down and look at it. For as long as that card remains exiled, if you would draw a card, you may instead put the exiled card into your hand.NEWLINE[-3]: Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-9]: Exile all other nonland permanents.	planeswalker	DD1	2	59\nDrax, Deathwish-Hardened	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Scorpion Scout 	203	BG	2BG	Landfall – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, prepare target creature you control. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINET, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Drax, Deathwish-Hardened: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nPyre, Guild Agent	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Cat Rogue 	214	UR	2UR	Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creatures you control, prepare that creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, draw a card, then discard a card.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nMagnezone, Federation Head	WU	uncommon	Legendary Artifact Creature – Construct Soldier 	211	WU	2WU	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINE1, T: Tap target creature.NEWLINEWhenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there. Leveling up is an activated ability.)	2/3		normal	DD1		\nMelanie, Team Enigma Leader	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Faerie Scout 	212	RG	2RG	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control explores, put a +1/+1 counter on Melanie, Team Enigma Leader, then Melanie deals damage equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on it to each opponent.	4/3		normal	DD1		\nLuca, Empath Healer	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Jackal Cleric 	210	WR	RW	Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana and can’t reduce the cost of Luca, Empath Healer’s abilities. (Leveling up is an activated ability.)NEWLINE3, T: Prepare up to one other target creature. You gain 3 life. Activate only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)	2/2		normal	DD1		\nRipjaw, Shade's Butcher	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Dragon Rogue Assassin 	215	BR	1BR	When Ripjaw, Shade’s Butcher enters the battlefield, prepare target creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEEach creature you control with a counter on it has menace.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nThe Kecleon Brothers	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Lizard Citizen 	209	WG	GW	T, Return a land you control to its owner’s hand: Prepare target creature you control. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINET, Remove a counter from a creature you control: Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINE1, T: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.	2/2		normal	DD1		\nSolera, Grief-Filled	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Beast Rogue 	217	WB	4WB	Solera, Grief-Filled enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty–Remove a counter from Solera, Grief-Filled: Each opponent discards a card and you gain 3 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nGeist, Deed-Doer	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Spirit Rogue Assassin 	207	UB	3UB	Creatures you control can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to an opponent, target creature that player controls gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the amount of damage dealt this way.	3/5		normal	DD1		\nAlak, Island Historian	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wizard Advisor 	201	UG	2GU	Alak, Island Historian enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEWhenever one or more counters are put on Alak, Island Historian, scry 1, then draw a card.	0/0		normal	DD1		\nProtect Charge	W	common	Instant	31	W	1W	Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINEProliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nNovice Adventurers	W	common	Creature – Fox Turtle Scout 	28	W	1W	Level up 2 (2: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)	2/2	NEWLINE[level 2-4] NEWLINE[level 5+] 	leveler	DD1		\nShorline Charters	U	common	Creature – Mouse Cat Bird Scout 	79	U	U	Level up 1 (1: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)	1/1	NEWLINE[level 2-3] NEWLINE[level 4+] Whenever Shorline Charters attacks, scry 2.	leveler	DD1		\nSweeping Current	U	common	Instant	81	U	2U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nCompletely Exhaust	B	common	Instant	86	B	1B	Escalate 1 (Pay this cost for each mode chosen beyond the first.)NEWLINEChoose one or both–NEWLINE• Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Remove two counters from target creature or planeswalker.			normal	DD1		\nGrim Bounty	B	common	Sorcery	96	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	DD1		\nBurst of Rage	R	common	Sorcery	127	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn and prepare it. That creature gains haste until end of turn. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)			normal	DD1		\nEnthusiastic Recuits	R	common	Creature – Beast Salamander Scout 	138	R	R	HasteNEWLINELevel up R (R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)	1/1	Haste (This creature always has this ability.)NEWLINELevel up R (R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 1-2] NEWLINE[level 3+] Whenever Enthusiastic Recuits attacks, target creature can’t block this turn.	leveler	DD1		\nLava Burst	R	common	Sorcery	147	R	R	Lava Burst deals 2 damage to any target. If that target is a creature or planeswalker, you may remove a counter from it.			normal	DD1		\nFiery Adventurers	R	common	Creature – Beast Bird Scout 	142	R	4R	HasteNEWLINEWhen Fiery Adventurers enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	3/4		normal	DD1		\nAdventurous Impulse	G	common	Sorcery	163	G	G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	DD1		\nCurious Crew	G	common	Creature – Crocodile Jackal Scout 	169	G	1G	When Curious Crew enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/2		normal	DD1		\nDesperate Stand	G	common	Instant	170	G	2G	Prepare target creature. Untap it, then proliferate. (To prepare a creature, if it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it. To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nEncourage Seed		common	Artifact	223	G	1	G, Sacrifice Encourage Seed: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE2, Exile Encourage Seed from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nSeasoned Explorers	G	common	Creature – Ape Dog Scout 	190	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Seasoned Explorers enters the battlefield, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	5/5		normal	DD1		\nFrost the Absolved	WB	rare	Legendary Creature – Cat Rogue 	205	WB	2WB	Frost the Absolved enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINECrafty – Remove a counter from Frost the Absolved: Return target creature card with mana value less than or equal to Frost the Absolved’s power from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	DD1		\nExperienced Travelers	R	common	Creature – Beast Scout 	139	R	3R	Level up 3 (3: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)	3/3	NEWLINE[level 1-3] NEWLINE[level 4+] Whenever Experienced Travelers attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. 	leveler	DD1		\nVolt Charge	R	common	Instant	160	R	2R	Volt Charge deals 3 damage to any target. Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nDemarcus, the First Envoy	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	134	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control deals damage to an opponent, prepare that creature. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINECreatures you control have “T: This creature deals damage to target player equal to the number of counters on it.”	5/5		normal	DD1		\nBeacon Peak		rare	Legendary Land	244	U		Beacon Peak enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINELevel up U (U: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)		Beacon Peak enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINELevel up U (U: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 5+] T: Draw a card.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nDeathwish Canyon		rare	Legendary Land	245	B		Deathwish Canyon enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINELevel up B (B: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)		Deathwish Canyon enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINELevel up B (B: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 5+] T: Add B for each creature card in your graveyard.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nThe Maw		rare	Legendary Land	246	R		The Maw enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINELevel up R (R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)		The Maw enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINELevel up R (R: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 5+] 1R, T, Sacrifice a land: Create a 4/4 colorless Golem artifact creature token.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nStar Crater		rare	Legendary Land	247	W		Star Crater enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINELevel up W (W: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)		Star Crater enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINELevel up W (W: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 5+] 1W, T: Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card and reveal that card. Shuffle your library, then put the card on top of it.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nTimewinder Woods		rare	Legendary Land	248	G		Timewinder Woods enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINELevel up G (G: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)		Timewinder Woods enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINELevel up G (G: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)NEWLINE[level 5+] T: Untap target attacking creature an opponent controls and remove it from combat.NEWLINE	leveler	DD1		\nSend Through Space	U	rare	Instant	77	U	XUU	You may put a nonland permanent card with mana value X or less from your hand, from exile, or from outside the game onto the battlefield.			normal	DD1		\nCelebi, Timeline Preserver	UBG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	202	UBG	BGU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Celebi, Timeline Preserver attacks, each player mills a card.NEWLINEWhenever one or more cards are put into your graveyard from your library, put a +1/+1 counter on Celebi.NEWLINET, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Celebi: Return target card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand. If X is 10 or more, take an extra turn after this one.	1/1		normal	DD1		\nInexorable Tide	U	rare	Enchantment	63	U	3UU	Whenever you cast a spell, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	DD1		\nParting Thoughts	B	rare	Sorcery	105	B	2B	Destroy target creature. You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of counters on that creature.			normal	DD1		\nJacob, Memory Seeker	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Fox Scout 	208	WR	1RW	Whenever Jacob, Memory Seeker enters the battlefield or becomes tapped, exile the top card of your library face down with a dream counter on it. You may look at that card for as long as it remains exiled.NEWLINEAs long as one or more counters have been put on Jacob this turn, you may cast cards you own in exile with dream counters on them, and they cost 1 less to cast for each counter on Jacob.	3/2		normal	DD1		\nJoy Seed		common	Artifact	232	W	1	W, Sacrifice Joy Seed: Prepare target creature. Activate only as a sorcery. (If it’s a leveler, put a level counter on it. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINE2, Exile Joy Seed from your graveyard: Draw a card.			normal	DD1		\nElite Expeditionaries	G	rare	Creature – Jacakl Fox Beast Explorer 	174	G	3GG	When Elite Expeditionaries enters the battlefield, it explores three times. (To explore, reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINEIf a land card is revealed while exploring, you may put that card onto the battlefield tapped instead of putting it into your hand.	3/3		normal	DD1		\nAncient Tomb		mythic	Land	250	C		T: Add CC. Ancient Tomb deals 2 damage to you.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nAncient Ziggurat		rare	Land	251	C		T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nArena		mythic	Land	252	C		3, T: Tap target creature you control and target creature of an opponent’s choice they control. Those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	DD1		!landslot\nArid Mesa		rare	Land	253	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Arid Mesa: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nBlast Zone		rare	Land	254	C		Blast Zone enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINEXX, T: Put X charge counters on Blast Zone.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice Blast Zone: Destroy each nonland permanent with mana value equal to the number of charge counters on Blast Zone.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nBloodstained Mire		rare	Land	255	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Bloodstained Mire: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nCalciform Pools		uncommon	Land	256	WU		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Calciform Pools.NEWLINE1, Remove X storage counters from Calciform Pools: Add X mana in any combination of W and/or U.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nCavern of Souls		mythic	Land	257	C		As Cavern of Souls enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type, and that spell can’t be countered.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nCrawling Barrens		rare	Land	258	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE4: Put two +1/+1 counters on Crawling Barrens. Then you may have it become a 0/0 Elemental creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nCrystal Quarry		rare	Land	259	WUBRG		T: Add C.NEWLINE5, T: Add WUBRG.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nDemolition Field		uncommon	Land	260	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice Demolition Field: Destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. That land’s controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. You may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nDeserted Temple		mythic	Land	261	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Untap target land.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nDreadship Reef		uncommon	Land	262	UB		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Dreadship Reef.NEWLINE1, Remove X storage counters from Dreadship Reef: Add X mana in any combination of U and/or B.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nDryad Arbor	G	rare	Land Creature – Forest Dryad 	263	C		(Dryad Arbor isn’t a spell, it’s affected by summoning sickness, and it has “T: Add G.”)	1/1		normal	DD1		!landslot\nDust Bowl		mythic	Land	264	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T, Sacrifice a land: Destroy target nonbasic land.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nEndless Sands		rare	Land – Desert 	265	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: Exile target creature you control.NEWLINE4, T, Sacrifice Endless Sands: Return each creature card exiled with Endless Sands to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nEvolving Wilds		uncommon	Land	266	C		T, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nFertile Thicket		uncommon	Land	267	G		Fertile Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Fertile Thicket enters the battlefield, you may look at the top five cards of your library. If you do, reveal up to one basic land card from among them, then put that card on top of your library and the rest on the bottom in any order.NEWLINET: Add G.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nField of the Dead		mythic	Land	268	C		Field of the Dead enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINEWhenever Field of the Dead or another land enters the battlefield under your control, if you control seven or more lands with different names, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nFlooded Strand		rare	Land	269	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Flooded Strand: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nForbidden Orchard		mythic	Land	270	C		T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEWhenever you tap Forbidden Orchard for mana, target opponent creates a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nFungal Reaches		uncommon	Land	271	RG		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Fungal Reaches.NEWLINE1, Remove X storage counters from Fungal Reaches: Add X mana in any combination of R and/or G.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nGemstone Caverns		mythic	Land	272	C		If Gemstone Caverns is in your opening hand and you’re not the starting player, you may begin the game with Gemstone Caverns on the battlefield with a luck counter on it. If you do, exile a card from your hand.NEWLINET: Add C. If Gemstone Caverns has a luck counter on it, instead add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nGlacial Chasm		mythic	Land	273	C		Cumulative upkeep–Pay 2 life.  (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)NEWLINEWhen Glacial Chasm enters the battlefield, sacrifice a land.NEWLINECreatures you control can’t attack.NEWLINEPrevent all damage that would be dealt to you.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nHellion Crucible		rare	Land	274	R		T: Add C.NEWLINE1R, T: Put a pressure counter on Hellion Crucible.NEWLINE1R, T, Remove two pressure counters from Hellion Crucible and sacrifice it: Create a 4/4 red Hellion creature token with haste.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nHomeward Path		rare	Land	275	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Each player gains control of all creatures they own.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nHowltooth Hollow		rare	Land	276	B		Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINEHowltooth Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINEB, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if each player has no cards in hand.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nLooming Spires		uncommon	Land	277	R		Looming Spires enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Looming Spires enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINET: Add R.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nLotus Field		mythic	Land	278	C		HexproofNEWLINELotus Field enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Lotus Field enters the battlefield, sacrifice two lands.NEWLINET: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMana Confluence		mythic	Land	279	C		T,  Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMarsh Flats		rare	Land	280	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Marsh Flats: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMirrorpool		mythic	Land	281	C		Mirrorpool enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINE2C, T, Sacrifice Mirrorpool: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINE4C, T, Sacrifice Mirrorpool: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMisty Rainforest		rare	Land	282	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Misty Rainforest: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMolten Slagheap		uncommon	Land	283	BR		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Molten Slagheap.NEWLINE1, Remove X storage counters from Molten Slagheap: Add X mana in any combination of B and/or R.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMonumental Henge		rare	Land	284	W		Monumental Henge enters tapped unless you control a Plains.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINE2WW, T: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a historic card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.  (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMortuary Mire		uncommon	Land	285	B		Mortuary Mire enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Mortuary Mire enters the battlefield, you may put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.NEWLINET: Add B.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMosswort Bridge		rare	Land	286	G		Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINEMosswort Bridge enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINEG, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if creatures you control have total power 10 or greater.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMutavault		rare	Land	287	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1: Mutavault becomes a 2/2 creature with all creature types until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nMystic Sanctuary		rare	Land – Island 	288	C		(T: Add U.)NEWLINEMystic Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped unless you control three or more other Islands.NEWLINEWhen Mystic Sanctuary enters the battlefield untapped, you may put target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard on top of your library.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nNesting Grounds		rare	Land	289	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Move a counter from target permanent you control onto another target permanent. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nPetrified Field		rare	Land	290	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Petrified Field: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nPlaza of Heroes		mythic	Land	291	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a legendary spell.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color among legendary permanents you control.NEWLINE3, T, Exile Plaza of Heroes: Target legendary creature gains hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nPolluted Delta		rare	Land	292	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Polluted Delta: Search your library for a Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nRogue's Passage		uncommon	Land	293	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE4, T: Target creature can’t be blocked this turn.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nSaltcrusted Steppe		uncommon	Land	294	WG		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Saltcrusted Steppe.NEWLINE1, Remove X storage counters from Saltcrusted Steppe: Add X mana in any combination of G and/or W.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nSandstone Bridge		uncommon	Land	295	W		Sandstone Bridge enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Sandstone Bridge enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.NEWLINET: Add W.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nScalding Tarn		rare	Land	296	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Scalding Tarn: Search your library for a Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nShelldock Isle		rare	Land	297	U		Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINEShelldock Isle enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINEU, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if a library has twenty or fewer cards in it.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nSkyline Cascade		uncommon	Land	298	U		Skyline Cascade enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Skyline Cascade enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.NEWLINET: Add U.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nSpinerock Knoll		rare	Land	299	R		Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINESpinerock Knoll enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINER, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if an opponent was dealt 7 or more damage this turn.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nTomb Fortress		rare	Land	300	B		Tomb Fortress enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINE2BBB, T, Exile Tomb Fortress: Mill four cards, then return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nTower of the Magistrate		mythic	Land	301	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Target creature gains protection from artifacts until end of turn.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nTreasure Vault		rare	Artifact Land	302	C		T: Add C.NEWLINEXX, T, Sacrifice Treasure Vault: Create X Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVerdant Catacombs		rare	Land	303	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Verdant Catacombs: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVivid Crag		uncommon	Land	304	R		Vivid Crag enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINET, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Crag: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVivid Creek		uncommon	Land	305	U		Vivid Creek enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINET, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Creek: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVivid Grove		uncommon	Land	306	G		Vivid Grove enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINET, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Grove: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVivid Marsh		uncommon	Land	307	B		Vivid Marsh enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINET, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Marsh: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nVivid Meadow		uncommon	Land	308	W		Vivid Meadow enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINET, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Meadow: Add one mana of any color.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nWasteland		mythic	Land	309	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Wasteland: Destroy target nonbasic land.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nWindbrisk Heights		rare	Land	310	W		Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)NEWLINEWindbrisk Heights enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINEW, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nWindswept Heath		rare	Land	311	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Windswept Heath: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nWooded Foothills		rare	Land	312	C		T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wooded Foothills: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	DD1		!landslot\nTeferi, Temporal Mender	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	225	WU	2WU	If an permanent entering the battlefield from exile causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	1/4		normal	EM2		\nGlorymaker	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	210	WR	1RW	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, Glorymaker and that creature each get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn.	1/3		normal	EM2		\nSacred Grove	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	222	WG	GW	Whenever Sacred Grove or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, choose one–NEWLINE• You gain 2 life.NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.			normal	EM2		\nPull from the Subconscious	B	uncommon	Sorcery	108	UB	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINECycling 2U (2U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Pull from the Subconscious, look at the top three cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order. (Do this before you draw.)			normal	EM2		\nAgonizing Extraction	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	201	UR	2UR	Draw two cards. Then, Agonizing Extraction damage to any target equal to the number of cards you’ve drawn this turn.			normal	EM2		\nPotent Brew	BG	uncommon	Enchantment	219	BG	2BG	When Potent Brew enters the battlefield and at the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINEWhenever you gain life, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each 1 life you gained.			normal	EM2		\nFurybringer	RG	uncommon	Creature – Centaur Giant 	209	RG	2RG	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINEEach creature you control with the greatest power or tied for the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield has menace.	3/3		normal	EM2		\nPredatory Scourge	UG	uncommon	Creature – Leviathan 	220	UG	6GU	FlashNEWLINECycling GU (GU, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Predatory Scourge, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped. (Do this before you draw.)	8/8		normal	EM2		\nSoul's Attendant	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	37	W	W	Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you may gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nPilgrimage party	W	common	Creature – Dwarf Cleric 	32	W	1W	When Pilgrimage party enters the battlefield, enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nArashin Cleric	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	11	W	1W	When Arashin Cleric enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.	1/3		normal	EM2		\nWhitemane Lion	W	common	Creature – Cat 	42	W	1W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Whitemane Lion enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nInspired Battlepirest	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric Soldier 	24	W	2W		3/3		normal	EM2		\nMonk Idealist	W	common	Creature – Human Monk Cleric 	29	W	2W	When Monk Idealist enters the battlefield, return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nSanctum Swan	W	common	Creature – Bird 	35	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWard 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	2/2		normal	EM2		\nOutcaster of the Abhorrent	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	30	W	3W	1W, Exile Outcaster of the Abhorrent: Exile target tapped creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/4		normal	EM2		\nWinged Shepherd	W	common	Creature – Angel 	43	W	5W	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINECycling W (W, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/3		normal	EM2		\nImpeccable Timing	W	common	Instant	23	W	1W	Impeccable Timing deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	EM2		\nTemporal Fluctuation	W	common	Instant	39	W	1W	Exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.NEWLINECycling 1` (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nFull Faith	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	21	W	2W	When Full Faith enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.			normal	EM2		\nAncient Shallowkeepers	U	common	Creature – Trilobite 	45	U	U	5U, Sacrifice Ancient Shallowkeepers: Draw two cards.	0/2		normal	EM2		\nKraken Hatchling	U	common	Creature – Kraken 	60	U	U		0/4		normal	EM2		\nCrafty Plunderer	U	common	Creature – Human Pirate 	52	U	1U	When Crafty Plunderer enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/2		normal	EM2		\nFrost Lynx	U	common	Creature – Elemental Cat 	56	U	2U	When Frost Lynx enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nAdept Octopod	U	common	Creature – Octopus 	44	U	3U	2U, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	2/5		normal	EM2		\nShimmerscale Drake	U	common	Creature – Drake 	73	U	4U	Flying (This creature can’t be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/4		normal	EM2		\nStriped Riverwinder	U	common	Creature – Serpent 	75	U	6U	Hexproof (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)NEWLINECycling U (U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	5/5		normal	EM2		\nSteady Shieldmage	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	74	U	1U	DefenderNEWLINEWhenever you draw your second card each turn, Steady Shieldmage can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender.NEWLINECycling U (U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/3		normal	EM2		\nDreamweft Mount	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	55	U	4U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has flying.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nCountervailing Winds	U	common	Instant	51	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each card in your graveyard.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nHonored Tribute	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	98	B	1B	When Honored Tribute dies, create a 1/1 red Dragon creature token named Dragon Whelp. It has flying.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nInsanity Drinker	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	100	B	2B	Discard a card: Insanity Drinker gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	EM2		\nSanguine Regent	B	common	Creature – Vampire Dragon 	111	B	2BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEWard–Pay 2 life (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2 life.)	2/2		normal	EM2		\nMalevolent Warlord	B	common	Creature – Demon 	102	B	4BB		7/4		normal	EM2		\nCall the Blood Skies	B	common	Sorcery	87	B	2B	Each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.NEWLINECycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nSleep Eternal	B	common	Sorcery	114	B	2B	Choose one–NEWLINE• Destroy target tapped creature.NEWLINE• Remove three loyalty counters from target planeswalker.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nBitter Revelation	B	common	Sorcery	83	B	3B	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. You lose 2 life.			normal	EM2		\nWander in Death	B	common	Sorcery	121	B	2B	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nNest Keeper	R	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	144	R	3R	When Nest Keeper enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Dragon creature token named Dragon Whelp. It has flying.	3/2		normal	EM2		\nBrimstone Kite	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	127	R	4R	R, Discard a card: Brimstone Kite gains flying until end of turn.	5/4		normal	EM2		\nLava Serpent	R	common	Creature – Elemental Serpent 	142	R	5R	HasteNEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	5/5		normal	EM2		\nLimits of Solidarity	R	common	Sorcery	143	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nFlameforged Blade	R	common	Artifact – Equipment 	134	R	1R	Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has trample.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	EM2		\nUnexpected Prowess	R	common	Instant	158	R	1R	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINECycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nEarthcraft Sage	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	174	G	2G	When Earthcraft Sage enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nClearing Keeper	G	common	Creature – Elf Druid 	169	G	2G	T: Untap target land.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nDruid of Vitality	G	common	Creature – Elf Druid 	173	G	3G	T: You gain life equal to Druid of Vitality’s power.	1/4		normal	EM2		\nCraterhub Miner	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	172	G	2GG	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Craterhub Miner.	4/2		normal	EM2		\nGreater Sandwurm	G	common	Creature – Wurm 	180	G	5GG	Greater Sandwurm can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	7/7		normal	EM2		\nFell from the Skies	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	177	G	1G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Fell from the Skies enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature with flying.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance and reach.			normal	EM2		\nBeneath the Sands	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nWilt	G	common	Instant	200	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nShredmite		common	Artifact Creature – Insect 	238	C	1	T, Sacrifice a permanent: You gain 1 life.NEWLINE1, T, Sacrifice a permanent: Put a +1/+1 counter on Shredmite.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nRuin Guard		common	Artifact Creature – Golem 	237	C	4	Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/3		normal	EM2		\nDragon Hunter	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	16	W	W	Protection from Dragons (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by Dragons.)NEWLINEDragon Hunter can block Dragons as though it had reach.	2/1		normal	EM2		\nBattlefield Medic	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	14	W	1W	T: Prevent the next X damage that would be dealt to target creature this turn, where X is the number of Clerics on the battlefield (both yours and your opponents’).	1/1		normal	EM2		\nAgeless Voyager	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	6	W	1W	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile another target permanent you control. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nStonehorn Dignitary	W	uncommon	Creature – Rhino Soldier 	38	W	3W	When Stonehorn Dignitary enters the battlefield, target opponent skips their next combat phase.	1/4		normal	EM2		\nExalted Priest	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	19	W	4W	When Exalted Priest enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens, then you gain life equal to the number of creatures you control.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nSolace of the Faithful	W	uncommon	Sorcery	36	W	2W	Choose target opponent. Create X 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens, where X is the number of creatures that opponent controls.NEWLINECycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nIntangible Virtue	W	uncommon	Enchantment	27	W	1W	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.			normal	EM2		\nAstral Suspension	W	uncommon	Enchantment	13	W	2W	Whenever you cycle Astral Suspension or cycle or discard another card, exile target creature you control. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINECycling 2W (2W, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nNephalia Smuggler	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	69	U	U	3U, T: Exile another target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nThought Strangler	U	uncommon	Creature – Octopus 	77	U	3U	Whenever you draw a card, each opponent mills two cards and you put a +1/+1 counter on Thought Strangler.NEWLINECycling U (U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/2		normal	EM2		\nThoughtdrifter	U	uncommon	Creature – Elemental 	78	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Thoughtdrifter enters the battlefield, draw two cards.NEWLINECycling 1U (1U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/2		normal	EM2		\nMindfeaster Serpent	U	uncommon	Creature – Serpent 	65	U	6UU	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each card you’ve drawn this turn.NEWLINE4: Mindfeaster Serpent can’t be blocked this turn. This ability costs 2 less to active for each card you’ve drawn this turn.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	5/5		normal	EM2		\nMindscour Dragon	U	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	66	U	4UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Mindscour Dragon deals combat damage to an opponent, target player mills four cards.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nAzure Mage	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	47	U	1U	3U: Draw a card.	2/1		normal	EM2		\nComplicate	U	uncommon	Instant	50	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.NEWLINECycling 2U (2U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Complicate, you may counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.			normal	EM2		\nOminous Seas	U	uncommon	Enchantment	70	U	1U	Whenever you draw a card, put a foreshadow counter on Ominous Seas.NEWLINERemove eight foreshadow counters from Ominous Seas: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nLay Claim	U	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	62	U	5UU	Enchant permanentNEWLINEYou control enchanted permanent.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nVessel of Fiends	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	120	B	B	LifelinkNEWLINESacrifice Vessel of Fiends: You lose X life. Create an X/X black demon creature token. X is the amount of life you gained this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nUndertaker	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Spellshaper 	118	B	1B	B, T, Discard a card: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nBloodrite Invoker	B	uncommon	Creature – Demon Cleric 	85	B	3BB	When Bloodrite Invoker enters the battlefield, sacrifice any number of other nonland permanents. For each permanent sacrificed this way, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nNoxious Dragon	B	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	104	B	4BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Noxious Dragon dies, you may destroy target creature with mana value 3 or less.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nCeremonial Slaughter	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	2B	Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token, then each player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.NEWLINECycling 1B (1B, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Ceremonial Slaughter, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.			normal	EM2		\nStubborn Revival	B	uncommon	Instant	116	B	1B	Return to the battlefield target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from anywhere this turn.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nFlameblade Adept	R	uncommon	Creature – Jackal Warrior 	133	R	R	MenaceNEWLINEWhenever you cycle or discard a card, Flameblade Adept gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nSnarlsturm Shaman	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Shaman 	154	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Snarlsturm Shaman attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, create a 1/1 red Dragon creature token named Dragon Whelp that’s tapped and attacking. It has flying.	2/1		normal	EM2		\nViscous Hatchling	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	159	R	1RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Viscous Hatchling attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nDragon Mage	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon Wizard 	130	R	5RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Dragon Mage deals combat damage to a player, each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.	5/5		normal	EM2		\nFleetbreaker	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	135	R	3RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhen Fleetbreaker enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each of up to three targets. Creatures dealt damage this way can’t block this turn.NEWLINECycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/3		normal	EM2		\nWinds of Change	R	uncommon	Sorcery	161	R	R	Each player shuffles the cards from their hand into their library, then draws that many cards.			normal	EM2		\nActive Nest	R	uncommon	Enchantment	124	R	2R	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, create a 1/1 red Dragon creature token named Dragon Whelp. It has flying.NEWLINECycling R (R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nSakura-Tribe Scout	G	uncommon	Creature – Snake Shaman Scout 	190	G	G	T: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nAdapted Packmate	G	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	162	G	GG	Adapted Packmate enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Adapted Packmate dies, put its counters on target creature you control.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nVigorgrowth Treefolk	G	uncommon	Creature – Treefolk 	198	G	2GG	Whenever Vigorgrowth Treefolk deals damage, if it’s attacking, blocking, or fighting, you gain that much life.	2/5		normal	EM2		\nRidgescale Tusker	G	uncommon	Creature – Pangolin Beast 	188	G	3GG	When Ridgescale Tusker enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.	5/5		normal	EM2		\nShefet Monitor	G	uncommon	Creature – Lizard 	193	G	5G	Cycling 3G (3G, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Shefet Monitor you may search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Do this before you draw.)	6/5		normal	EM2		\nSifter Wurm	G	uncommon	Creature – Wurm 	195	G	5GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Sifter Wurm enters the battlefield, scry 3, then reveal the top card of your library. You gain life equal to that card’s mana value.	7/7		normal	EM2		\nEnigmatic Hydra	G	uncommon	Creature – Hydra 	176	G	XG	Enigmatic Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	0/0		normal	EM2		\nShimmering Grotto	G	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	194	G	1G	Enchant landNEWLINEWhenever enchanted land becomes tapped, add one mana of any color.NEWLINEEnchanted land has “T: You gain 1 life.”			normal	EM2		\nElemental Bond	G	uncommon	Enchantment	175	G	2G	Whenever a creature with power 3 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.			normal	EM2		\nVerdant Amplification	G	rare	Enchantment	197	G	3G	At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINEOther enchantments you control have “At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.”			normal	EM2		\nAngel of the God-Pharaoh	W	uncommon	Creature – Angel 	10	W	4WW	FlyingNEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/4		normal	EM2		\nMerchant Scroll	U	uncommon	Sorcery	64	U	1U	Search your library for a blue instant card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	EM2		\nUnseal Evils	B	uncommon	Sorcery	119	B	2BB	Non-Cleric creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	EM2		\nKaleidobird		uncommon	Creature – Bird 	1	C	X	FlyingNEWLINEKaleidobird enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each type of mana spent to cast it. (The types of mana are white, blue, black, red, green, and colorless.)	0/0		normal	EM2		\nAlms Collector	W	rare	Creature – Cat Cleric 	9	W	3W	FlashNEWLINEIf an opponent would draw two or more cards, instead you and that player each draw a card.	3/4		normal	EM2		\nRestoration Angel	W	rare	Creature – Angel 	33	W	4W	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)NEWLINEFlying (This creature can’t be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)NEWLINEWhen Restoration Angel enters the battlefield, you may exile target non-Angel creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control.	3/4		normal	EM2		\nWeathered Wayfarer	W	rare	Creature – Human Nomad Cleric 	41	W	W	W, T: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Activate only if an opponent controls more lands than you.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nSafekeeper	W	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	34	W	3W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Safekeeper enters the battlefield, prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.NEWLINEWhenever damage that would be dealt to you or permanents you control is prevented, draw a card.	2/4		normal	EM2		\nTraining Mage	U	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	79	U	U	Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 2 less to activate (including cycling abilities). This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nMurkdepth Caller	U	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	67	U	5UU	When Murkdepth Caller enters the battlefield, create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	1/1		normal	EM2		\nLaboratory Maniac	U	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	61	U	2U	If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nWhelming Wave	U	rare	Sorcery	82	U	2UU	Return all creatures to their owners’ hands except for Krakens, Leviathans, Octopuses, and Serpents.			normal	EM2		\nInvoke the Ancestors	B	rare	Sorcery	101	B	XB	This spell costs 3 less to cast if it targets a creature card in a graveyard that shares a creature type with a creature you control.NEWLINEPut target creature card with mana value X or less from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	EM2		\nStormmind Giant	R	rare	Creature – Elemental Giant 	155	R	2R	Each nonland card in your hand has cycling XR, where X is 6 minus that card’s mana value.NEWLINECycling R (R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	4/3		normal	EM2		\nConnected Worldmage	G	rare	Creature – Elf Druid 	171	G	1G	As Connected Worldmage enters the battlefield, choose a land you control.NEWLINEConnected Worldmage has all activated abilities of the chosen land.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nRealms Uncharted	G	rare	Instant	187	G	2G	Search your library for up to four land cards with different names and reveal them. An opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	EM2		\nGust Shield	G	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	181	G	2G	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature has hexproof and reach.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nApex Tyrano	G	rare	Creature – Dinosaur 	163	G	3GG	TrampleNEWLINEApex Tyrano enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the greatest power among other creatures on the battlefield.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nRot Dredger	G	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	189	G	2GG	Whenever Rot Dredger or another nontoken creature you control dies, return a creature card with lesser mana value than the creature that died from your graveyard to your hand.	4/3		normal	EM2		\nChromium, the Observer	WUB	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	204	WUB	2WUB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Chromium, the Observer enters the battlefield, if you cast it, create X 1/1 white Human creature tokens, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Chromium minus 4.NEWLINE3: Until end of turn, Chromium, the Observer becomes a copy of target Human creature you control, except it has hexproof.        	5/5		normal	EM2		\nArcades, Enforcer of Peace	WUG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	202	WUG	1GWU	Defender, flyingNEWLINEPrevent all combat damage that would be dealt to other creatures you control.NEWLINEIf a source you control would deal damage, prevent that damage, draw a card, and you gain that much life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if your life total is greater than or equal to five times your starting life total, you win the game.	3/4		normal	EM2		\nNicol Bolas, Power Hungry	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Bolas 	215	UBR	XUBR			Nicol Bolas, Power Hungry enters the battlefield with a number of loyalty counters on him equal to the amount of mana spent to cast him.NEWLINE[+1]: You draw a card and you lose 2 life. Add U, B, or R. NEWLINE[-4]: Nicol Bolas, Power Hungry deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain X life, where X is the number of lands you control.NEWLINE[-7]: For each land you don’t control, add one mana of any type that land could produce. Tap those lands. They don’t untap during their controller’s next untap step.NEWLINENicol Bolas, Power Hungry can be your commander.       	planeswalker	EM2	0	\nPalladia-Mors, Savage Hunter	WRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	217	WRG	3RGW	Flying, trampleNEWLINEWhen Palladia-Mors, Savage Hunter enters the battlefield, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control wins a fight, you gain life equal to its power and you draw a card. (A creature wins a fight if it doesn’t die during the fight and the creature it fights dies during the            fight.)	6/6		normal	EM2		\nVaevictis Asmadi, the Hunted	BRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Dragon 	227	BRG	3BRG	Flying, hasteNEWLINECreatures your opponents control attack each combat if able.NEWLINEOther attacking creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, it gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	EM2		\nTetsuo Umezawa, Usurper	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Warrior 	226	UBR	1UBR	Protection from everything noncreature (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything noncreature.)NEWLINECycling 2UBR (2UBR, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Tetsuo Umezawa, Usurper, destroy target artifact, creature, or planeswalker.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nSanctum of the Renowned		mythic	Legendary Land	247	WUBRG		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast legendary spells or activate abilities of legendary permanents.NEWLINEWUBRG, T, Sacrifice Sanctum of the Renowned: Search your library for any number of legendary nonland permanent cards with total mana value 7 or less, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	EM2		\nRings of Brighthearth		mythic	Artifact	236	C	3	Whenever you activate an ability, if it isn’t a mana ability, you may pay 2. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	EM2		\nAjani, Defender of Honor	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ajani 	7	W	1WW			[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. Creatures you control gain vigilance until end of turn. NEWLINE[-1]: Until your next turn, whenever an opponent draws a card, create a 1/1 white Cat creature token with lifelink.NEWLINE[-4]: Exile target creature or planeswalker.	planeswalker	EM2	3	\nTezzeret, Supreme Mechanist	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Tezzeret 	76	U	2UU			[+1]: Draw a card. If you control no artifacts, discard a card.NEWLINE[-1]: Until your next turn, target artifact you control becomes a 5/5 creature in addition to its other types.NEWLINE[-4]: Target player mills two cards for each artifact you control.	planeswalker	EM2	3	\nSorin, Ancient Bloodlord	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Sorin 	115	B	3BB			[+1]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a creature.NEWLINE[-3]: Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.NEWLINE[-X]: Sorin, Ancient Bloodlord deals half X damage to each creature, rounded down. You gain life equal to the damage dealt this way.	planeswalker	EM2	5	\nSarkhan, Fireblood	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Sarkhan 	150	R	1RR			[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.NEWLINE[+1]: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast Dragon spells.NEWLINE[-7]: Create four 5/5 red Dragon creature tokens with flying.	planeswalker	EM2	3	\nVivien, Invoker of the Wilds	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Vivien 	199	G	2GG			[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature you control. Then if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, draw a card.NEWLINE[-3]: Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE[-X]: Return target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to your hand. Create a token that’s a copy of it.	planeswalker	EM2	3	\nUgin, Ageless Scholar		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ugin 	3	C	5			[+1]: Put the top card of your library onto the battlefield face down. (It’s a 2/2 creature.) If that creature would leave the battlefield, put it into your hand instead.NEWLINE[-3]: Ugin, Ageless Scholar deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINE[-7]: You may put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield. Take an extra turn after this one.NEWLINEUgin, Ageless Scholar can be your commander.	planeswalker	EM2	5	\nProgenitus	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Hydra Avatar 	221	WUBRG	WWUUBBRRGG	Protection from everything (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything.)NEWLINEIf Progenitus would be put into a graveyard from anywhere, reveal Progenitus and shuffle it into its owner’s library instead.	10/10		normal	EM2		\nBloodfell Caves		common	Land	250	BR		Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nBlossoming Sands		common	Land	251	WG		Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nDismal Backwater		common	Land	252	UB		Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nJungle Hollow		common	Land	253	BG		Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add B or G.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nRugged Highlands		common	Land	254	RG		Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nScoured Barrens		common	Land	255	WB		Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add W or B.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nSwiftwater Cliffs		common	Land	256	UR		Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add U or R.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nThornwood Falls		common	Land	257	UG		Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add G or U.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nTranquil Cove		common	Land	258	WU		Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nWind-Scarred Crag		common	Land	259	WR		Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add R or W.			normal	EM2		!landslot\nDragonskull Summit		rare	Land	242	BR		Dragonskull Summit enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Swamp or a Mountain.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	EM2		\nGlacial Fortress		rare	Land	245	WU		Glacial Fortress enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Plains or an Island.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	EM2		\nRootbound Crag		rare	Land	246	RG		Rootbound Crag enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Forest.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	EM2		\nSunpetal Grove		rare	Land	248	WG		Sunpetal Grove enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Forest or a Plains.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	EM2		\nDrowned Catacomb		rare	Land	243	UB		Drowned Catacomb enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an Island or a Swamp.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	EM2		\nCrucible of the Spirit Dragon		rare	Land	241	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1, T: Put a storage counter on Crucible of the Spirit Dragon.NEWLINET, Remove X storage counters from Crucible of the Spirit Dragon: Add X mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to cast Dragon spells or activate abilities of Dragons.			normal	EM2		\nTomb of the Spirit Dragon		uncommon	Land	249	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE2, T: You gain 1 life for each colorless creature you control.			normal	EM2		\nPithing Needle		rare	Artifact	235	C	1	As Pithing Needle enters the battlefield, choose a card name.NEWLINEActivated abilities of sources with the chosen name can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.			normal	EM2		\nThrone of the God-Pharaoh		rare	Legendary Artifact	239	C	2	At the beginning of your end step, each opponent loses life equal to the number of tapped creatures you control.			normal	EM2		\nEdgewalker	WB	uncommon	Creature – Cleric 	208	WB	1WB	Cleric spells you cast cost WB less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay. (For example, if you cast a Cleric spell with mana cost 1W, it costs 1 to cast.)	2/2		normal	EM2		\nMalfegor the Ruthless	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Demon Dragon 	214	BR	4BR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever you attack with one or more Dragon creatures, you may discard a card. If you do, Malfegor the Ruthless deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the discarded card’s mana value.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nDark Intimations	UBR	rare	Sorcery	207	UBR	2UBR	Each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker, then discards a card. You return a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand, then draw a card.NEWLINEWhen you cast a Bolas planeswalker spell, exile Dark Intimations from your graveyard. That planeswalker enters the battlefield with an additional loyalty counter on it.			normal	EM2		\nConflux	WUBRG	rare	Sorcery	206	WUBRG	3WUBRG	Search your library for a white card, a blue card, a black card, a red card, and a green card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.			normal	EM2		\nSiege Dragon	BR	rare	Creature – Dragon 	223	BR	3BR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Siege Dragon enters the battlefield, it deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nScion of Ugin		uncommon	Creature – Dragon Spirit 	2	C	6	Flying	4/4		normal	EM2		\nUgin's Insight	U	rare	Sorcery	80	U	3UU	Scry X, where X is the highest mana value among permanents you control, then draw three cards.			normal	EM2		\nAjani's Last Stand	W	rare	Enchantment	8	W	2WW	Whenever a creature or planeswalker you control dies, you may sacrifice Ajani’s Last Stand. If you do, create a 4/4 white Avatar creature token with flying.NEWLINEWhen a spell or ability an opponent controls causes you to discard this card, if you control a Plains, create a 4/4 white Avatar creature token with flying.			normal	EM2		\nCrux of Fate	B	rare	Sorcery	90	B	3BB	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy all Dragon creatures.NEWLINE• Destroy all non-Dragon creatures.			normal	EM2		\nBoneyard Scourge	B	rare	Creature – Zombie Dragon 	86	B	2BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a Dragon you control dies while Boneyard Scourge is in your graveyard, you may pay 1B. If you do, return Boneyard Scourge from your graveyard to the battlefield.	4/3		normal	EM2		\nDisciple of Bolas	B	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	92	B	3B	When Disciple of Bolas enters the battlefield, sacrifice another creature. You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is that creature’s power.	2/1		normal	EM2		\nDragon Tempest	R	rare	Enchantment	131	R	1R	Whenever a creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever a Dragon enters the battlefield under your control, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of Dragons you control.			normal	EM2		\nSarkhan's Unsealing	R	rare	Enchantment	152	R	3R	Whenever you cast a creature spell with power 4, 5, or 6, Sarkhan’s Unsealing deals 4 damage to any target.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a creature spell with power 7 or greater, Sarkhan’s Unsealing deals 4 damage to each opponent and each creature and planeswalker they control.			normal	EM2		\nBlooming Monstrosity	G	rare	Creature – Plant 	166	G	7G	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each nonland permanent you’ve tapped for mana this turn.NEWLINEWhen Blooming Monstrosity enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it for each untapped land you control.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nUgin's Nexus		rare	Legendary Artifact	240	C	5	If a player would begin an extra turn, that player skips that turn instead.NEWLINEIf Ugin’s Nexus would be put into a graveyard from the battlefield, instead exile it and take an extra turn after this one.			normal	EM2		\nEvolving Wilds		common	Land	244	C		T, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.			normal	EM2		\nGem of Becoming		uncommon	Artifact	230	C	3	3, T, Sacrifice Gem of Becoming: Search your library for an Island card, a Swamp card, and a Mountain card. Reveal those cards and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.			normal	EM2		\nFate Forgotten	W	common	Instant	20	W	2W	Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	EM2		\nGod-Pharaoh's Faithful	W	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	22	W	W	Whenever you cast a blue, black, or red spell, you gain 1 life.	0/4		normal	EM2		\nDwarven Priest	W	common	Creature – Dwarf Cleric 	18	W	3W	When Dwarven Priest enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each creature you control.	2/4		normal	EM2		\nInspired Charge	W	common	Instant	25	W	2WW	Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.			normal	EM2		\nAdamant Will	W	common	Instant	5	W	1W	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy it.)			normal	EM2		\nPacifism	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	31	W	1W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	EM2		\nUnsummon	U	common	Instant	81	U	U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.			normal	EM2		\nOpt	U	common	Instant	71	U	U	Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	EM2		\nNegate	U	common	Instant	68	U	1U	Counter target noncreature spell.			normal	EM2		\nCancel	U	common	Instant	49	U	1UU	Counter target spell.			normal	EM2		\nShadowborn Apostle	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	112	B	B	A deck can have any number of cards named Shadowborn Apostle.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice six creatures named Shadowborn Apostle: Search your library for a Demon creature card and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nFume Spitter	B	common	Creature – Dragon 	95	B	2B	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Fume Spitter enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nDead Weight	B	common	Enchantment – Aura 	91	B	B	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -2/-2.			normal	EM2		\nSupernatural Stamina	B	common	Instant	117	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	EM2		\nMurder	B	common	Instant	103	B	1BB	Destroy target creature.			normal	EM2		\nDuress	B	common	Sorcery	93	B	B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	EM2		\nGravedigger	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	97	B	3B	When Gravedigger enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nBladewing's Thrall	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	84	B	2BB	Bladewing’s Thrall has flying as long as you control a Dragon.NEWLINEWhen a Dragon enters the battlefield, you may return Bladewing’s Thrall from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/3		normal	EM2		\nCritical Wound	B	uncommon	Sorcery	89	B	XB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker if it has mana value X plus 2 or less.			normal	EM2		\nFearsome Awakening	B	uncommon	Sorcery	94	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If it’s a Dragon, put two +1/+1 counters on it.			normal	EM2		\nDragon Hatchling	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	129	R	1R	FlyingNEWLINER: Dragon Hatchling gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	0/1		normal	EM2		\nDragonlord's Servant	R	common	Creature – Goblin Shaman 	132	R	1R	Dragon spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	1/3		normal	EM2		\nIncite Riot	R	common	Instant	139	R	2R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	EM2		\nTormenting Voice	R	common	Sorcery	157	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	EM2		\nShock	R	common	Instant	153	R	R	Shock deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	EM2		\nPuncturing Blow	R	common	Sorcery	147	R	2RR	Puncturing Blow deals 5 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	EM2		\nGhostfire	R	common	Instant	136	R	2R	Ghostfire is colorless.NEWLINEGhostfire deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	EM2		\nVolcanic Dragon	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	160	R	4RR	Flying (This creature can’t be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)NEWLINEHaste (This creature can attack and T as soon as it comes under your control.)	4/4		normal	EM2		\nSarkhan's Triumph	R	uncommon	Instant	151	R	2R	Search your library for a Dragon creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.			normal	EM2		\nBrambleweft Behemoth	G	common	Creature – Elemental 	168	G	4GG	Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.)	6/6		normal	EM2		\nGiant Spider	G	common	Creature – Spider 	179	G	3G	Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)	2/4		normal	EM2		\nColossapede	G	common	Creature – Insect 	170	G	4G		5/5		normal	EM2		\nGiant Growth	G	common	Instant	178	G	G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.			normal	EM2		\nHunt the Weak	G	common	Sorcery	182	G	3G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature fights target creature you don’t control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	EM2		\nDragon Egg	R	common	Creature – Dragon Egg 	128	R	2R	Defender (This creature can’t attack.)NEWLINEWhen Dragon Egg dies, create a 2/2 red Dragon creature token with flying and “R: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.”	0/2		normal	EM2		\nGhostfire Blade		rare	Artifact – Equipment 	231	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.NEWLINEEquip 3NEWLINEGhostfire Blade’s equip ability costs 2 less to activate if it targets a colorless creature.			normal	EM2		\nAbrade	R	uncommon	Instant	123	R	1R	Choose one –NEWLINE• Abrade deals 3 damage to target creature.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.			normal	EM2		\nBloodlust Inciter	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	126	R	R	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	1/1		normal	EM2		\nRakka Mar	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Shaman 	149	R	2RR	HasteNEWLINER, T: Create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with haste.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nNaga Vitalist	G	common	Creature – Naga Druid 	185	G	1G	T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nHoned Khopesh		common	Artifact – Equipment 	232	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.NEWLINEEquip 1 (1: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)			normal	EM2		\nManalith		common	Artifact	234	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	EM2		\nRaise the Restless	B	common	Sorcery	109	B	3BB	This spell costs 2 less to cat if it targets a creature card in your graveyard with mana value 4 or less.NEWLINEReturn target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	EM2		\nLurlie, the Starstruck	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Scout 	213	WG	2GW	When Lurlie, the Starstruck enters the battlefield, create a four white Star enchantment tokens with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINELurlie can’t attack unless an enchantment you control has left the battlefield this turn.NEWLINEWhenever Lurlie deals combat damage to a player, put an awe counter on it. Then if Lurlie has four or more awe counters on it, you win the game.	1/6		normal	EM2		\nAbandoned Sarcophagus		rare	Artifact	229	C	3	You may cast spells that have a cycling ability from your graveyard.NEWLINEIf a card that has a cycling ability would be put into your graveyard from anywhere and it wasn’t cycled, exile it instead.			normal	EM2		\nGnarled Terror	B	common	Creature – Demon Dragon 	96	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/3		normal	EM2		\nPitiless Vizier	B	common	Creature – Minotaur Cleric 	106	B	3B	Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Pitiless Vizier gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy it. If its toughness is 0 or less, it’s still put into its owner’s graveyard.)	4/2		normal	EM2		\nIt of Murky Depths	UB	rare	Creature – Kraken Horror 	212	UB	10UB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card in your graveyard.NEWLINEWard–2, Discard a card (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2 and discards a card.)NEWLINEExile three other cards from your graveyard: Return It of Murky Depths from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINECycling U/BU/B	6/6		normal	EM2		\nHekma Sentinels	U	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	57	U	2U	Whenever you cycle or discard a card, Hekma Sentinels gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	EM2		\nHieroglyphic Illumination	U	common	Instant	58	U	3U	Draw two cards.NEWLINECycling U (U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	EM2		\nSinister Shifter	B	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	113	B	2B	Sinister Shifter is every creature type.NEWLINECycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/3		normal	EM2		\nInfused Infuriation	RG	rare	Sorcery	211	RG	1RG	Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. If the creature you control deals excess damage during the fight, exile that many cards from the top of your library. You may play cards exiled this way until the end of your next turn.			normal	EM2		\nAssertive Order	W	rare	Instant	12	W	WW	Cast this spell only if a player has cast two or more spells this turn.NEWLINEEnd the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and “this turn” and “until end of turn” effects end.)			normal	EM2		\nServant of the Scale	G	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	192	G	G	Servant of the Scale enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Servant of the Scale dies, put X +1/+1 counters on target creature you control, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Servant of the Scale.	0/0		normal	EM2		\nBoon of Savagery	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	167	G	1G	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Boon of Savagery enters the battlefield, enchanted creature gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1.			normal	EM2		\nRaid Bombardment	R	uncommon	Enchantment	148	R	2R	Whenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, Raid Bombardment deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.			normal	EM2		\nHatchlings' Fury	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	3R	Create two 1/1 red Dragon creature tokens named Dragon Whelp. They have flying.			normal	EM2		\nBladecaster	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	125	R	1R	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, Bladecaster deals 1 damage to each opponent.NEWLINECycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/1		normal	EM2		\nRitemaker	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	110	B	1B	1, Sacrifice a creature: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	1/3		normal	EM2		\nAutumnal Observer	G	common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	164	G	1G	When Autumnal Observer enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nInspiring Command	W	rare	Instant	26	W	3WW	Choose two–NEWLINE• Create two 1/1 colorless Widget artifact creature tokens.NEWLINE• Create two Treasure tokens.NEWLINE• For each token you control, create a token that’s a copy of that permanent.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	EM2		\nInventive Command	U	rare	Instant	59	U	2UU	Choose two–NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 colorless Airship artifact creature token with flying.NEWLINE• Untap any number of target artifacts you control.NEWLINE• Tap up to two target nonland permanents.NEWLINE• Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	EM2		\nInflicting Command	B	rare	Sorcery	99	B	2BB	Choose two–NEWLINE• Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains menace until end of turn.NEWLINE• Each opponent sacrifices a planeswalker.NEWLINE• You draw a card and you lose 1 life.			normal	EM2		\nInsurgent Command	R	rare	Sorcery	140	R	XRR	Choose two–NEWLINE• Insurgent Command deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact with mana value X or less.NEWLINE• Target creature gets +X/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Exile the top X cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play those cards.			normal	EM2		\nInvigorated Command	G	rare	Sorcery	183	G	2GG	Choose two–NEWLINE• Target creature you control gets +4/+4 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.NEWLINE• Create two 1/1 white Fungus creature tokens with defender.NEWLINE• Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	EM2		\nSavage Aura	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	191	G	4G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +4/+4 and can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature dies, return that card to its owner’s hand.			normal	EM2		\nUnveil the Abnormal	G	common	Instant	196	G	G	Reveal the top card of your library. Choose one–NEWLINE• You gain life equal to its mana value.NEWLINE• If it’s a creature or land card you may put it into your hand.NEWLINE• Put that card on the bottom of your library, then scry 1.			normal	EM2		\nDreamgrasp	W	uncommon	Enchantment	17	W	1WW	FlashNEWLINEWhen Dreamgrasp enters the battlefield, exile target spell or creature face down. You and that card’s owner may look at that card.NEWLINEWhen Dreamgrasp leaves the battlefield, the exiled card’s owner may cast it without paying its mana cost.			normal	EM2		\nPounce of the Pack	G	uncommon	Sorcery	186	G	2G	Choose target creature you don’t control. Each creature you control deals damage equal to its power to that creature.			normal	EM2		\nOverconfigure	R	common	Instant	146	R	1R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target creature can’t block this turn.			normal	EM2		\nLifecrafter Invigorator	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature – Elf Cyborg 	184	G	2G	Whenever you gain life for the first time each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nHulking Behemoth		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	233	C	8	Trample	8/9		normal	EM2		\nGoblin Crazemaker	R	uncommon	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	137	R	3R	When Goblin Crazemaker enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.NEWLINEOther creatures you control have haste.NEWLINECycling R (R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)NEWLINEWhen you cycle Goblin Crazemaker, creatures you control gain haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nOnakke Ogre	R	common	Creature – Ogre Warrior 	145	R	2R		4/2		normal	EM2		\nJamira, Nestmother	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	141	R	7RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Jamira, Nestmother enters the battlefield, create six 1/1 red Dragon creature tokens named Dragon Whelp. They have flying. NEWLINEOther Dragon creatures you control have haste.	8/8		normal	EM2		\nPriest of Communal Rite	B	rare	Creature – Cleric 	107	B	2BB	As Priest of Communal Rite enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures you control of the chosen type.NEWLINESacrifice another creature of the chosen type: When Priest of Communal Rite dies this turn, return it to its owner’s hand.	3/4		normal	EM2		\nDawnfeather Eagle	W	common	Creature – Bird 	15	W	4W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Dawnfeather Eagle enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	3/3		normal	EM2		\nDisplace	U	common	Instant	53	U	2U	Exile up to two target creatures you control, then return those cards to the battlefield under their owner’s control.			normal	EM2		\nRepeated Malfunction	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	72	U	1U	Enchant artifact or creatureNEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, tap enchanted permanent.			normal	EM2		\nDrake Haven	U	rare	Enchantment	54	U	2U	Whenever you cycle or discard a card, you may pay 1. If you do, create a 2/2 blue Drake creature token with flying.			normal	EM2		\nArchaeomancer	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	46	U	2UU	When Archaeomancer enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/2		normal	EM2		\nSpell-Loop Specialist	WU	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	224	WU	2WU	When Spell-Loop Specialist enters the battlefield, choose up to two–NEWLINE• You gain 3 life.NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE• Draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE• Return another target permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	3/3		normal	EM2		\nWorshiped Scourge	B	rare	Creature – Demon Dragon 	122	B	4BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Worshiped Scourge enters the battlefield, exile any number of creature cards from your graveyard. Create a 1/1 white Cleric creature tokens for each card exiled this way.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nThunderbreak Regent	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	156	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a Dragon you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, Thunderbreak Regent deals 3 damage to that player.	4/4		normal	EM2		\nVizier of Deferment	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	40	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Vizier of Deferment enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature if it attacked or blocked this turn. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.        	2/2		normal	EM2		\nPersistent Whelp	B	uncommon	Creature – Demon Dragon 	105	B	2B	FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay 1B. If you do, return Persistent Whelp from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINECycling 1B (1B, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/1		normal	EM2		\nMesa Enchantress	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Druid 	28	W	1WW	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may draw a card.	0/2		normal	EM2		\nBacklogger	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	48	U	1U	When Backlogger enters the battlefield, put up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard on top of your library.	2/1		normal	EM2		\nMan-o'-War	U	uncommon	Creature – Jellyfish 	63	U	2U	When Man-o’-War enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	EM2		\nChromium's Charm	WUB	uncommon	Instant	205	WUB	WUB	Choose one–NEWLINE• Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.NEWLINE• Return target instant or sorcery card not named Chromium’s Charm from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	EM2		\nArcades's Charm	WUG	uncommon	Instant	203	WUG	GWU	Choose one–NEWLINE• Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINE• When target creature is put into your graveyard this turn, return that card to the battlefield.NEWLINE• Return target creature to its owner’s hand.			normal	EM2		\nNicol Bolas's Charm	UBR	uncommon	Instant	216	UBR	UBR	Choose one–NEWLINE• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.NEWLINE• Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. You gain 3 life.NEWLINE• Nicol Bolas’s Charm deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	EM2		\nPalladia-Mors's Charm	WRG	uncommon	Instant	218	WRG	RGW	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn. If fights another target creature.NEWLINE• Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.NEWLINE• Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.			normal	EM2		\nVaevictis Asmadi's Charm	BRG	uncommon	Instant	228	BRG	BRG	Choose one–NEWLINE• Choose creature or planeswalker. Target player sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type.NEWLINE• Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.NEWLINE• You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	EM2		\nUgin's Charm		uncommon	Instant	4	C	3	Choose one–NEWLINE• Put the top card of your library onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.NEWLINE• You gain life equal to the number of colorless nonland permanents you control.NEWLINE• Destroy target multicolored permanent.			normal	EM2		\nDesoul the Mighty	W	common	Sorcery	14	W	2W	Choose one–NEWLINE• Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.NEWLINE• Destroy target planeswalker with four or more loyalty counters on it.			normal	END		\nShield Mantle	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	39	W	2W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Shield Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEW: Enchanted creature gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	END		\nTideseer	U	common	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	79	U	U	1, T: Scry 1.	1/1		normal	END		\nMerfolk Wavesweller	U	common	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	66	U	1U	2U: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	2/1		normal	END		\nDevoted Skymage	U	common	Creature – Bird Wizard 	51	U	3U	FlyingNEWLINEDevoted Skymage gets +1/+0 as long as you control another blue permanent, +1/+0 as long as you control a black permanent, and +1/+0 as long as you control a red permanent.	1/3		normal	END		\nPearl Trident Exemplar	U	common	Creature – Merfolk Soldier 	70	U	2U	Pearl Trident Exemplar can’t be blocked.NEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Pearl Trident Exemplar gets +2/+0 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/3		normal	END		\nKoilos Warden	U	common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	58	U	5U	Shroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)	5/5		normal	END		\nWitness to Atrocities	U	common	Creature – Merfolk 	85	U	1U	DefenderNEWLINEU: Witness to Atrocities can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender. Activate only once each turn.	2/3		normal	END		\nChronolag	U	common	Instant	47	U	1U	Tap target artifact or creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.NEWLINEEmpower–If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, draw a card. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		\nUnseal the Lore	U	common	Sorcery	83	U	2U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a planeswalker.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	END		\nMist Mantle	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	68	U	1U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Mist Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEU: Enchanted creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		\nOverwhelm With Details	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	69	U	U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -2/-0.NEWLINE1U: Enchanted creature gets -2/-0 until end of turn.			normal	END		\nConscripted Cabal	B	common	Creature – Zombie Cleric 	92	B	2B	1B, Exile Conscripted Cabal from your graveyard: Each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	END		\nSengir Corpse	B	common	Creature – Vampire Zombie 	119	B	1B	1: Sengir Corpse gains deathtouch until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Sengir Corpse this turn dies, you gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	END		\nDreadmaker	B	common	Creature – Zombie Wizard 	98	B	2B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Dreadmaker enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Remove a loyalty counter from target planeswalker an opponent controls.	1/2		normal	END		\nGrim Crusader	B	common	Creature – Human Knight 	103	B	3B	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Grim Crusader this turn dies, that permanent’s controller discards a card.	3/4		normal	END		\nRuthless Eternal	B	common	Creature – Zombie Warrior 	118	B	3B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Ruthless Eternal enters the battlefield, target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/2		normal	END		\nMercenary Operative	B	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	113	B	4B	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Mercenary Operative this turn dies, that permanent’s controller loses 1 life.	5/4		normal	END		\nLifeforce Harvester	B	common	Creature – Zombie Wizard 	109	B	7B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Lifeforce Harvester enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to the greatest mana value among creature cards in your graveyard.	5/5		normal	END		\nPotent Concoction	B	common	Enchantment	117	B	B	1B, Sacrifice Potent Concoction: Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		\nHarvest the Soul	B	common	Instant	104	B	1B	You may put a loyalty counter on up to one target planeswalker you control.NEWLINEChoose one–NEWLINE• Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Remove two loyalty counters from target planeswalker.			normal	END		\nContemplate Fate	B	common	Sorcery	93	B	2B	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target opponent sacrifices a creature.NEWLINE• Target opponent sacrifices a planeswalker.			normal	END		\nOverwhelm with Truth	B	common	Sorcery	116	B	2B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you have drawn two or more cards this turn.NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker with mana value 3 or less.			normal	END		\nTwist the Scriptures	B	common	Sorcery	124	B	3B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life, then rewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		\nTaint the Memory	B	common	Sorcery	122	B	2B	Target player discards two cards.NEWLINERewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		\nSoul Mantle	B	common	Enchantment – Aura 	121	B	B	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Soul Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEB: Enchanted creature gains your choice of deathtouch or lifelink until end of turn.			normal	END		\nDevious Prowess	B	common	Sorcery	97	B	B	Target creature gains menace until end of turn.NEWLINE1, Exile Devious Prowess from your graveyard: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nGoblin Fireslinger	R	common	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	141	R	R	T: Goblin Fireslinger deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/1		normal	END		\nPyre Reveler	R	common	Creature – Goblin Wizard 	147	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Pyre Reveler attacks, rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	2/1		normal	END		\nKeeper of Old Ways	R	common	Creature – Human Shaman 	142	R	1R	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	END		\nKeldon Warmonger	R	common	Creature – Human Warrior 	143	R	1R	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Keldon Warmonger this turn dies, Keldon Warmonger deals 1 damage to that permanent’s controller.	3/1		normal	END		\nWhelp of the New Generation	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	167	R	2R	FlyingNEWLINE1R: Whelp of the New Generation gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		\nSkirk Warcaller	R	common	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	157	R	3R	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Skirk Warcaller this turn dies, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token.	4/3		normal	END		\nGoading Goblin	R	common	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	140	R	3R	2R: Target creature you control must be blocked this turn if able.	3/4		normal	END		\nBlade of Resistance	R	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	128	R	4R	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Blade of Resistance this turn dies, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	5/4		normal	END		\nRebellious Warkite	R	common	Creature – Dragon 	150	R	3RR	FlyingNEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Rebellious Warkite deals 2 damage to each opponent. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		\nUtter Annihilation	R	common	Sorcery	166	R	3R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.NEWLINE• Target planeswalker you control deals damage equal to the number of loyalty counters on it to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	END		\nConscripted Devotion	R	common	Sorcery	132	R	2R	Gain control of target creature or planeswalker until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	END		\nPower of the Powerless	R	common	Instant	146	R	1R	Creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.NEWLINEEmpower–If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, creatures you control get an additional +1/+0 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		\nFrenzied Correction	R	common	Sorcery	138	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.NEWLINEDraw two cards, then rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nDragon Mantle	R	common	Enchantment – Aura 	135	R	R	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Dragon Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEEnchanted creature has “R: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.”			normal	END		\nPyretic Reaction	R	common	Sorcery	148	R	1R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• You may activate the loyalty abilities of target planeswalker you control once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.			normal	END		\nFlameforged Blade	R	common	Artifact – Equipment 	137	R	2R	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Flameforged Blade this turn dies, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.NEWLINEEquip 2 (Equip abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		\nSpringbloom Sculptor	G	common	Creature – Elf Druid 	199	G	G	2G, Exile Springbloom Sculptor from your graveyard: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	END		\nGlowspore Thallid	G	common	Creature – Fungus Druid 	178	G	2G	G, Exile Glowspore Thallid from your graveyard: Choose one or both. Activate only as a sorcery–NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE• Put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control.	2/3		normal	END		\nElven Ambusher	UG	common	Creature – Elf Warrior 	173	UG	2G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEFlash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)	3/2		normal	END		\nElvish Geosculptor	G	common	Creature – Elf Shaman 	174	G	1G	3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on Elvish Geosculptor.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Elvish Geosculptor this turn dies, you gain 2 life.	2/1		normal	END		\nVitality Enstiller	RG	common	Creature – Elf Druid 	204	RG	4G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhen Vitality Enstiller enters the battlefield, choose from among creatures you control a blue creature, a black creature, and a red creature. Put a +1/+1 counter on each of the chosen creatures.	3/3		normal	END		\nTrained Anurid	G	common	Creature – Frog Beast 	200	G	2GG	TrampleNEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Trained Anurid this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Trained Anurid. (It must survive combat to get the counter.)	4/3		normal	END		\nMistveiled Grapler	G	common	Creature – Spider 	189	G	3G	ReachNEWLINEShroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)	2/4		normal	END		\nWarbellow Giant	G	common	Creature – Giant 	206	G	3GG	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Warbellow Giant this turn dies, untap up to two target permanents you control.	4/5		normal	END		\nInvoke Yavimaya	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	182	G	2G	Enchant creature you controlNEWLINEWhen Invoke Yavimaya enters the battlefield, enchanted creature fights up to one target creature you don’t control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+2.			normal	END		\nIrresistible Prey	G	common	Sorcery	183	G	G	Target creature must be blocked this turn if able.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	END		\nFloral Mantle	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	176	G	G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Floral Mantle enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEG: Enchanted creature gains your choice of reach or trample until end of turn.			normal	END		\nYavimaya's Rebuke	G	common	Enchantment	208	G	G	G, Sacrifice Yavimaya’s Rebuke: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.			normal	END		\nTwilight Route		common	Land	247	W		Twilight Route enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W.NEWLINEW, T: You gain 1 life. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nSubmerged Cache		common	Land	245	U		Submerged Cache enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U.NEWLINEU, T: Look at the top card of your library. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nCorrupted Shrine		common	Land	242	B		Corrupted Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B.NEWLINEB, T: Target player mills a card. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nRuined Canyon		common	Land	243	R		Ruined Canyon enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R.NEWLINER, T: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nVitalizing Spring		common	Land	248	G		Vitalizing Spring enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G.NEWLINEG, T: Target creature gets +0/+1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nBeacon of Hope		common	Artifact	232	C	3	Whenever you cast a planeswalker spell, you gain 1 life.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color.			normal	END		\nLightgiver	W	uncommon	Creature – Elf Cleric 	30	W	W	T: Put a +1/+1 counter on Lightgiver.NEWLINE2W, T, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Lightgiver: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery–NEWLINE• Put X +1/+1 counters on another target creature you control.NEWLINE• Put X loyalty counters on target planeswalker you control.	0/1		normal	END		\nParagon of Glory	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	34	WR	2W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhen Paragon of Glory or another creature you control dies, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	END		\nSilent Overseer	WB	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	40	WB	2WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEOther Cleric creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE1W, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Silent Attendant. Activate only as a sorcery. (It’s a 0/2 white Human Cleric creature with “T: You gain 1 life.” and mana cost 2W.)	3/3		normal	END		\nAven of the Inevitable	WU	uncommon	Creature – Bird Warrior 	5	WU	1WW	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINE1W: Untap another target blue, black, or red creature you control.	2/3		normal	END		\nSerra Angel	W	uncommon	Creature – Angel 	37	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance	4/4		normal	END		\nFellkeeper	WB	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	21	WB	5W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEFellkeeper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card in your graveyard.	2/2		normal	END		\nBenevolent Battlepriest	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Cleric 	8	W	1W	2W: You gain 1 life.NEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, untap all creatures you control. Those creatures get +1/+1 until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/1		normal	END		\nSheer Hope	W	uncommon	Enchantment	38	W	2WW	Empower–Whenever Sheer Hope enters the battlefield or you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, exile another target nonland permanent until Sheer Hope leaves the battlefield.			normal	END		\nChains of Order	WU	uncommon	Instant	11	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEChoose one–NEWLINE• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.NEWLINE• Counter target spell if it’s your turn.			normal	END		\nMisinformation Courrier	U	uncommon	Creature – Bird 	67	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEU: Rewrite 1. Activate only once each turn and only if Misinformation Courrier attacked or blocked this turn. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		\nMerfolk Coordinator	U	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Rogue 	63	U	2UU	Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE3U, T: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Merfolk Looter. Activate only as a sorcery. (It’s a 1/1 blue Merfolk Rogue creature with “T: Draw a card, then discard a card.” and mana cost 1U.)	2/3		normal	END		\nSphinx of the New God	U	uncommon	Creature – Sphinx 	76	U	3UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a blue, black, or red spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Sphinx of the New God.	2/2		normal	END		\nAven of Insight	U	uncommon	Creature – Bird Rogue 	46	U	3U	FlyingNEWLINE2U: Scry 1.NEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, draw a card. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/2		normal	END		\nKnowledge of the Forbidden	U	uncommon	Enchantment	57	U	2U	When Knowledge of the Forbidden enters the battlefield, rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)NEWLINEWhenever you draw one or more cards, create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.			normal	END		\nPemmin's Aura	U	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	71	U	1UU	Enchant creatureNEWLINEU: Untap enchanted creature.NEWLINEU: Enchanted creature gains flying until end of turn.NEWLINEU: Enchanted creature gains shroud until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)NEWLINE1: Enchanted creature gets +1/-1 or -1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	END		\nVersatile Servant	B	rare	Creature – Zombie Wizard 	125	B	B	XB, Exile Versatile Servant from your graveyard:NEWLINEIf X is 0, target player mills two cards.NEWLINEIf X is 1, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.NEWLINEIf X is 2, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.NEWLINEIf X is 3, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	1/2		normal	END		\nBloodblade Mercenary	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	88	B	2B	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Bloodblade Mercenary this turn dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	END		\nHost of the Eternal	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Naga 	106	B	2BB	Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control dies, you may pay 1B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of a card named Infectious Host. (It’s a 1/1 black Zombie creature with “When this creature dies, target player loses 2 life.” and mana cost 2B.)	3/2		normal	END		\nGraveraiser	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Cleric 	102	B	4B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Graveraiser enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	END		\nGrave Diviner	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	101	B	1B	B, T, Exile a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard: Draw a card.	2/2		normal	END		\nCorpse Recycler	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Shaman 	94	B	4BB	MenaceNEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Corpse Recycler this turn dies, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.	6/4		normal	END		\nDevastating Devastation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	1BB	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		\nLiliana's Recruitment	B	uncommon	Sorcery	111	B	3BB	Choose target creature or planeswalker card in a graveyard. Choose one–NEWLINE• Put that card onto the battlefield under your control.NEWLINE• Exile that card from its owner’s graveyard and create a number of tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens equal to half its mana value, rounded down.			normal	END		\nTormenting Visions	B	uncommon	Enchantment	123	B	2B	Whenever you draw a card, each opponent loses 1 life.NEWLINE1B, Pay 1 life: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nRage Spiker	R	uncommon	Creature – Goblin Shaman 	149	R	R	HasteNEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Rage Spiker this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Rage Spiker. (It must survive combat to get the counter.)	1/1		normal	END		\nReckless Recruiter	R	uncommon	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	151	R	1R	T: Until end of turn, whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/1		normal	END		\nMogg Warcaller	R	uncommon	Creature – Goblin 	145	R	1RR	Other Goblin creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINER: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Mogg Fanatic. Activate only once each turn and only if three or more creatures you control attacked this turn. (It’s a 1/1 red Goblin creature with “Sacrifice Mogg Fanatic: It deals 1 damage to any target.” and mana cost R.)	2/2		normal	END		\nBookburner	R	uncommon	Creature – Dragon 	129	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you draw a card, Bookburner gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/4		normal	END		\nGhitu Devotee	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	139	R	4R	T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)NEWLINEWhenever you draw one or more cards card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, Ghitu Devotee deals 1 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	END		\nTribute Taker	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Artificer 	163	R	1R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINETreasures you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.”	1/2		normal	END		\nMeteoric Bombardment	R	uncommon	Instant	144	R	2R	Choose up to three target creatures, then choose one–NEWLINE• Those creatures each get +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Meteoric Bombardment deals 1 damage to each of those creatures.			normal	END		\nBurn Through	R	uncommon	Sorcery	130	R	1RR	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Excess damage is instead divided as you choose among that creature’s controller and up to one planeswalker that player controls.			normal	END		\nSkyshroud Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature – Elf Scout 	198	G	1G	G: Skyshroud Tracker must be blocked this turn if able.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Skyshroud Tracker this turn dies, search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	3/1		normal	END		\nLlanowar Clancaller	G	uncommon	Creature – Elf Druid 	186	G	1GG	Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhen Llanowar Clancaller enters the battlefield, you may reveal a creature card from your hand with mana value greater than the number of lands you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of a card named Llanowar Elves. (It’s a 1/1 green Elf Druid creature with “T: Add G.” and mana cost G.)	2/2		normal	END		\nWarped Allosaurus	RG	uncommon	Creature – Dinosaur 	207	RG	2GG	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINETrampleNEWLINETrample over planeswalkers (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the controller of the planeswalker it’s attacking.)	4/4		normal	END		\nNissa's Titan	G	uncommon	Creature – Elemental 	194	G	3GG	FlashNEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Nissa’s Titan this turn dies, you may return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/3		normal	END		\nBlessed Warbeast	RG	uncommon	Creature – Elemental Beast 	169	RG	8G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Blessed Warbeast enters the battlefield, other blue, black, and red creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	END		\nAmbush Expert	UG	uncommon	Creature – Elf Warrior 	168	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEFlashNEWLINEAs long as it’s not your turn, each other creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	3/4		normal	END		\nGruesome Devourer	BG	uncommon	Creature – Wurm 	180	BG	1GG	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.) NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)	4/3		normal	END		\nUrgyl's Encouragement	G	uncommon	Enchantment	203	G	1G	1G: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn. Activate only as a sorcery–NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker.NEWLINE• Target creature you control must be blocked this turn if able.			normal	END		\nReaped Devotion	UG	uncommon	Instant	197	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEPut a +1/+1 counter on target creature, then double the number of each kind of counter on any number permanents.			normal	END		\nTolarian Spires		uncommon	Land	246	WU		Tolarian Spires enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add W or U.NEWLINEW/U, T: Target permanent you control gains shroud until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nCabal Lair		uncommon	Land	241	UB		Cabal Lair enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add U or B.NEWLINEU/B, T: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nShivan Ridge		uncommon	Land	244	BR		Shivan Ridge enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add B or R.NEWLINEB/R, T: Damage can’t be prevented this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nYavimaya Outpost		uncommon	Land	249	RG		Yavimaya Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add R or G.NEWLINER/G, T: Target creature gains trample until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nBenalish Fortification		uncommon	Land	240	WG		Benalish Fortification enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add G or W.NEWLINEG/W, T: Untap target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	END		\nArtificial Devotee		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Construct 	231	C	1	1: Target nonland permanent becomes blue, black, or red in addition to its other colors until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		\nKarn's Chargekeeper		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Golem 	235	C	4	Karn’s Chargekeeper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever you activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Karn’s Chargekeeper.NEWLINEWhen Karn’s Chargekeeper dies, put a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control for each +1/+1 counter on Karn’s Chargekeeper.	0/0		normal	END		\nMetallic Scourge		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Dragon 	236	C	6	Flying	4/4		normal	END		\nIdol of Devotion		uncommon	Artifact	234	C	3	T: Add C.NEWLINE3, T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nSturdy Maul		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	237	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and must be blocked if able.NEWLINEEquip 4			normal	END		\nEnstiller of Hope	W	rare	Creature – Angel Cleric 	17	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, you may return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	5/5		normal	END		\nHush Reality	W	rare	Enchantment	26	W	1WW	Other permanents on the battlefield have shroud. (They can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		\nFlaresteel Paladin	WR	rare	Creature – Human Knight 	23	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhenever Flaresteel Paladin attacks, choose any number. Each mode must target a different creature.NEWLINE• Target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red gains double strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red gets +2/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Double the power of target attacking creature that’s blue, black or red until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		\nOppressive Interrogator	WU	rare	Creature – Human Wizard Cleric 	33	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhenever an opponent activates an ability that isn’t a mana ability, you may draw a card unless that player pays 1. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	1/4		normal	END		\nSoul-for-Soul	WB	rare	Sorcery	41	WB	5WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEPlaneswalker offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a planeswalker and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed planeswalker. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINESearch your library for a planeswalker card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	END		\nJodah, Aloof Arcmage	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Spellshaper 	54	WUBRG	4UU	W, T, Discard a card: Choose one –NEWLINE• Target player gains 3 life.NEWLINE• Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to any target this turn.NEWLINEU, T, Discard a card: Target player draws three cards.NEWLINEB, T, Discard a card: Add BBB.NEWLINER, T, Discard a card: Jodah, Aloof Arcmage deals 3 damage to any target.NEWLINEG, T, Discard a card: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	END		\nMandatory Betrayal	U	rare	Enchantment – Aura 	61	U	2UU	Enchant creature or planeswalkerNEWLINEWhen enchanted permanent dies, gain control of target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		\nCurrent Sculptor	U	rare	Creature – Merfolk 	48	U	2UU	Untap all creatures you control during each other player’s untap step.	2/3		normal	END		\nMerfolk Stormwalker	U	rare	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	65	U	3UU	T: Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.NEWLINEEmpower–1U: If it isn’t an extra turn, take an extra turn after this one. Activate only if you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities and only once each turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		\nMend the Timeline	U	rare	Enchantment	62	U	2U	Whenever a player drawing cards causes a triggered ability to trigger, counter that ability unless its controller pays 2.NEWLINE2U, Exile Mend the Timeline: Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards. (Mend the Timeline is exiled before any cards are drawn.)			normal	END		\nMemory Assassin	B	rare	Creature – Human Wizard Assassin 	112	B	2BB	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Memory Assassin enters the battlefield, look at target player’s hand. You may choose a nonland card from it. If you do, that player rewrites that card if able. (They must shuffle that card from their hand into their library if able. If they do, they draw a card.)	3/2		normal	END		\nHerald of Spite	B	rare	Creature – Demon 	105	B	3BB	FlyingNEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Herald of Spite this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Herald of Spite.	5/5		normal	END		\nLazotep Recruiter	B	rare	Creature – Zombie Jackal 	107	B	7B	Creature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Lazotep Recruiter enters the battlefield, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that card, except it’s a 4/4 black Zombie. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	4/4		normal	END		\nLegion Salvager	B	rare	Creature – Human Shaman 	108	B	2BB	Overcome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Legion Salvager this turn dies, put that card from its owner’s graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.	4/2		normal	END		\nDeathless Cropmate	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie Warrior 	95	B	B	Deathless Cropmate enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhenever you draw your second card each turn, you may return Deathless Cropmate from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	END		\nEternal March	B	rare	Enchantment	99	B	2B	At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life and you rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)NEWLINEWhenever you draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, put a +1/+1 counter on a Zombie you control. If you don’t control a Zombie, create a 0/0 black Zombie creature token first.			normal	END		\nBreak the Terms	B	rare	Instant	90	B	3B	Exile target creature or planeswalker. When you exile a permanent with mana value 6 or greater this way, exile another target creature or planeswalker.			normal	END		\nFearless Flayer	R	rare	Creature – Goblin Warrior 	136	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Fearless Flayer attacks, choose a planeswalker you control. You may activate the loyalty abilities of that planeswalker once this turn during combat at any time you could cast an instant and as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.	2/1		normal	END		\nSquee, Goblin Nabob	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Goblin 	159	R	2R	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return Squee, Goblin Nabob from your graveyard to your hand.	1/1		normal	END		\nShivan Dragon	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	155	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINER: Shivan Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	END		\nSlug Fest	R	rare	Enchantment	158	R	3RR	At the beginning of your upkeep, target creature you control fights another target creature if able.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by a source you control this turn dies, Slug Fest deals that much damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	END		\nDeity's Procession	R	rare	Enchantment	134	R	3R	Whenever you draw your third card each turn, create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.NEWLINE3R: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nMultani, Reawoken	G	mythic	Legendary Creature – Avatar 	192	G	4GG	When Multani, Reawoken enters the battlefield, choose any number of permanents with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.NEWLINEMultani gets +1/+1 for each counter on other permanents you control.NEWLINERemove six counters from among permanents you control: Return Multani from your graveyard to your hand.	0/1		normal	END		\nKeen Fanaticism	UG	rare	Enchantment	184	UG	3G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, untap up to two lands you control.NEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if it has the highest mana value among permanents cards in graveyards and permanents on the battlefield, draw a card.			normal	END		\nQuirion Dryad	G	rare	Creature – Dryad 	195	G	1G	Whenever you cast a spell that’s white, blue, black, or red, put a +1/+1 counter on Quirion Dryad.	1/1		normal	END		\nMolimo the Fickle	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Elemental Avatar 	190	G	3GG	Molimo the Fickle must be blocked if able.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Molimo the Fickle this turn dies, destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent you don’t control.	5/5		normal	END		\nLegacy Subverter	BG	rare	Creature – Elf Shaman 	185	BG	3G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice Legacy Subverter or another nontoken creature, mill two cards. Then return a creature card with lesser mana value than the sacrificed creature from your graveyard to your hand.	3/4		normal	END		\nGnarled Warbeast	RG	rare	Creature – Beast 	179	RG	GG	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhenever Gnarled Warbeast attacks, you may choose target creature you don’t control and target attacking creature you control. If you do, untap the creature you don’t control. It blocks the creature you control this turn if able.	3/2		normal	END		\nJhoira, Touched by Time	UR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Artificer 	219	UR	2UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Jhoira, Touched by Time.NEWLINENoncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Jhoira.	2/2		normal	END		\nBittersweet Triumph	W	mythic	Enchantment	10	W	2W	At the beginning of each end step, you win the game if each of the following is true–NEWLINE• Your opponent controls no planeswalkers.NEWLINE• A planeswalker you control has left the battlefield this turn.NEWLINE• A creature or planeswalker card has left your graveyard this turn.NEWLINE• You have no creature cards and no planeswalker cards in your graveyard.			normal	END		\nHushed Trauma	U	mythic	Enchantment	52	U	2U	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, note its name.NEWLINE0: Choose a card name that hasn’t been chosen from among names noted with Hushed Trauma. Create a copy of the card with the chosen name. You may cast the copy and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell. Activate only once each turn and only during your turn.			normal	END		\nVirulent Lotus		mythic	Artifact	238	C	0	T, Exile Virulent Lotus and each other permanent you control named Virulent Lotus: Reveal your hand and exile all cards named Virulent Lotus revealed this way. Add three mana of any one color. You lose the game at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	END		\nRadha, Heart of War	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Elf Warrior 	196	RG	1G	Whenever Radha, Heart of War attacks, you may add RRGG. (You lose that mana at the end of the declare attackers step.)NEWLINE3G: Double a number or number word on target spell or permanent until end of turn.	2/2		normal	END		\nThe Chain Veil		mythic	Legendary Artifact	233	C	4	At the beginning of your end step, if you didn’t activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker this turn, you lose 2 life.NEWLINE4, T: For each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.			normal	END		\nSursi Seeker	W	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	42	W	W	W: Sursi Seeker gains your choice of first strike, vigilance, or lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	END		\nFaithbinder	WU	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	18	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINE1, T: Tap target creature.	0/3		normal	END		\nPious Sentinel	WR	common	Creature – Human Knight 	35	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINE1: Pious Sentinel gains first strike until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	2/2		normal	END		\nFamiliar of the Exceptional	W	common	Creature – Pegasus 	20	W	1W	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Familiar of the Exceptional deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, choose one–NEWLINE• You gain that much life.NEWLINE• Put that many loyalty counters on target planeswalker you control.	1/1		normal	END		\nFierce Devotee	WR	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	22	WR	2W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Fierce Devotee enters the battlefield, target creature gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	END		\nFaithful Martyr	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	19	W	2W	When Faithful Martyr dies, choose one–NEWLINE• You gain 2 life.NEWLINE• When the next creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, you gain life equal to its mana value.	2/3		normal	END		\nKeeper of Serenity	W	common	Creature – Fox Spirit 	28	W	W	1W, Sacrifice Keeper of Serenity: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	1/1		normal	END		\nChampion of Divinity	WB	common	Creature – Human Knight 	12	WB	3W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhen Champion of Divinity enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each permanent you control that’s blue, black, and/or red.	4/3		normal	END		\nLeader of Resistance	W	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	29	W	3W	Empower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, put a +1/+1 counter on Leader of Resistance. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	3/4		normal	END		\nAven Uplifter	WU	common	Creature – Bird Cleric 	6	WU	4W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINET: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.	3/3		normal	END		\nDevoted Pilgrimage	WB	common	Creature – Human Knight 	16	WB	6W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINE1W, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.	4/4		normal	END		\nBenalish Shieldmate	W	common	Creature – Human Knight 	7	W	1W	Empower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, Benalish Shieldmate gets +2/+2 and gains vigilance until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/2		normal	END		\nComplete Devotion	WR	common	Instant	13	WR	1W	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEComplete Devotion deals 4 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	END		\nBind to the Real	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	9	W	1WW	Enchant creature or planeswalkerNEWLINEEnchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	END		\nMercy for the Meek	WB	common	Instant	31	WB	W	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreate a 1/1 black Cleric creature token. When you do, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	END		\nWings of Devotion	WU	common	Instant	44	WU	1W	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEUntap each creature you control. Those creatures gain flying until end of turn.			normal	END		\nHopeful Calling	W	common	Sorcery	25	W	3W	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and a loyalty counter on each planeswalker you control.NEWLINEEmpower–If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities, creatures you control also gain vigilance until end of turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)			normal	END		\nUndying Defenders	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Knight 	43	W	1W	2W, T: Create a token that’s a copy of Undying Defenders. Activate only as a sorcery. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		\nJayne, Voice of Caution	W	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Jayne 	27	W	3W			[+1]: Untap up to one target creature you control. It gets +0/+2 until your next turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Target creature can’t attack or block until your next turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Until your next turn, creatures can’t attack you or planeswalkers you control unless their controller pays 2 for each of those creatures.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nNahiri, Seeking Retribution	WR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Nahiri 	32	WR	2W			(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINE[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Nahiri, Seeking Retribution deals 4 damage to target tapped creature.NEWLINE[-3]: Until your next turn, whenever a creature or planeswalker you control is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to any target.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nSaheeli, Progress Specialist	U	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Saheeli 	74	U	3UU			[+1]: Until end of turn, abilities you activate cost 1 less to activate and noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast. This effect can’t reduce the mana in those costs to less than one mana.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a 1/1 colorless Widget artifact creature token with “When this creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control or a loyalty counter on target planeswalker you control.”NEWLINE[-4]: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nKikai, Hired Revisionist	U	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Kikai 	56	U	1UU			[+1]: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)NEWLINE[0]: Target player mills two cards for each card you’ve drawn this turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Target player draws two cards.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nSorin, Bloodline Keeper	B	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Sorin 	120	B	2BB			[+1]: Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.NEWLINE[-1]: Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”NEWLINE[-X]: Sorin, Bloodline Keeper deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker. You gain X life.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nXrthalid, Insanity Flayer	B	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Xrthalid 	126	B	4B			[+1]: Until end of turn, whenever a creature or planeswalker dies, target player mills two cards.NEWLINE[0]: You may sacrifice a creature. Then if a creature has died this turn, draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of that card, except it’s 1/1. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nSarkhan, Roar of Vengeance	R	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Sarkhan 	154	R	4RR			[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample and haste until end of turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Choose target creature you control. If that creature is a Dragon, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. Otherwise, it fights target creature you don’t control.NEWLINE[-4]: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nBaltrice, Last of the Consortium	R	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Baltrice 	127	R	2R			[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.NEWLINE[-1]: Create a 1/1 red Elemental creature token. It gains haste until end of turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Baltrice, Last of the Consortium deals 3 damage to any target.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nUrgyl, Great Preservationist	G	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Urgyl 	202	G	1GG			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains defender until your next turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to its mana value.NEWLINE[-2]: Choose one–NEWLINE• Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.NEWLINE• Put two loyalty counters on another target planeswalker you control.NEWLINE• Draw a card.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nGulcux, Finality-Bringer	BG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Gulcux 	181	BG	3G			(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINE[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. If that creature is blue, black, or red, it gains deathtouch until end of turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.NEWLINE[-3 ]: Return target blue, black, or red card from your graveyard to your hand.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nDionis, Peparation Specialist	WU	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Dionis 	214	WU	1WU			Abilities you activate that aren’t mana abilities cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the mana in that cost to less than one mana.NEWLINE[+1]: Scry 1. You gain 1 life.NEWLINE[-1]: Untap all nonland creatures you control.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nKaya, Ethereal Agent	WB	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Kaya 	220	WB	3WB			[+1]: You may exile a creature card from your graveyard. If you do, you gain life equal to its mana value.NEWLINE[-1]: Return to your hand target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.NEWLINE[-2]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, exile target creature or planeswalker.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nAna, the Freeminded	WR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Ana 	210	WR	2RW			[+1]: You may activate abilities of up to one target creature you control as though that creature had haste.NEWLINE[-1]: Add RW. Spend this mana only to activate abilities. (This is not a mana ability.)NEWLINE[-3]: Gain control of target creature or planeswalker until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains lifelink and haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nEstrid, Identity Reshaper	WBG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Estrid 	217	WBG	1GW			(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEBlue, black, and red spells you cast cost GW less to cast. This effect reduces only the amount of colored mana you pay. (For example, if you cast a black spell with mana cost 2W, it costs 2 to cast.)NEWLINE[+1]: You may create a black Aura enchantment token named Mask of Identity attached to up to one target creature you control. The token has enchant creature and “Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and is blue, black, and red in addition to its other colors.”[-2]: You gain 1 life for each permanent you control that’s blue, black, and/or red.[]: []: 	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nAshiok, Embraced by Fear	UB	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Ashiok 	211	UB	3UB			[+1]: Up to one target creature you control can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Target opponent exiles the top two cards of their library. Draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Create an X/X black Nightmare creature token, where X is the number of cards you’ve drawn this turn.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nLola, Spellfire Artist	UR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Lola 	221	UR	2UR			[+1]: When you cast your next noncreature spell this turn, draw a card, then discard a card.NEWLINE[-1]: Until end of turn, whenever you draw a card, Lola, Spellfire Artist deals 1 damage to each opponent.NEWLINE[-3]: Shuffle the cards from your hand into your library, then draw that many cards plus one.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nOko, Devious Trickster	UG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Oko 	225	UG	3GU			[+1]: Until your next turn, you may cast blue, black, and red spells as though they had flash.NEWLINE[0]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target blue, black, and/or red creatures you control.NEWLINE[-1]: Until end of turn, Oko, Devious Trickster becomes a copy of up to one target blue, black, or red creature you control. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nMortus, Chord of Calamity	BR	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Mortus 	222	BR	1BR			[+1]: Up to one target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Each time target permanent would deal damage to a permanent or player this turn, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.NEWLINE[-3]: Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control. When the creature you don’t control dies this turn, create a 1/1 black Cleric creature token.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nGarruk, the Veil-Consumed	BG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Garruk 	218	BG	2BG			[+1]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, you gain life equal to its mana value.NEWLINE[-1]: Until end of turn, whenever a creature you control dies, put a loyalty counter on a planeswalker you control.NEWLINE[-3]: You may exile up to two creature cards from your graveyard. Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token for each creature card exiled this way.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nSamut, Worthy of Victory	RG	uncommon	Legendary Planeswalker – Samut 	227	RG	1RG			[+1]: Up to one target creature gains vigilance and haste until end of turn.NEWLINE[-1]: Target creature an opponent controls blocks this turn if able. Untap that creature.NEWLINE[-3]: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance, trample, and haste until end of turn.  	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nDovin, Counteroperative	WU	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Dovin 	215	WU	2WU			Loyalty abilities of other planeswalkers you control that remove loyalty counters as part of their cost to activate cost -1 less to activate.NEWLINE[+1]: Tap up to one target artifact or creature. Until your next turn, it loses all abilities and doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.NEWLINE[-2]: The next time you activate an ability this turn that isn’t a mana ability, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nAjani, Usurper of Oppressors	WG	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Ajani 	209	WG	2GW			[+1]: Put a loyalty counter on each other planeswalker you control.NEWLINE[-2]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE[-7]: Search your library for a planeswalker card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nEmma, Covert Agent	UB	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Emma 	216	UB	3UB			If you would draw a card, you may instead exile the top card of target opponent’s library face down. You may look at that card.NEWLINE[+1]: Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled with Emma, Covert Agent, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast those spells.NEWLINE[-9]: For each card exiled with Emma, Covert Agent, target player draws a card.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nDaretti, Heretic Cogsmith	BR	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Daretti 	213	BR	1BR			[+1]: Daretti, Heretic Cogsmith deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINE[-2]: Double target creature’s power. It gains trample. At the beginning of your next upkeep, that creature’s controller sacrifices it.NEWLINE[-5]: Create a token that’s a copy of target artifact or creature card in your graveyard, except it’s an artifact in addition to its other types. That token gains haste.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nRamaz, Mad Shaman	RG	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Ramaz 	226	RG	1RG			[+1]: Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a loyalty counter on Ramaz, Mad Shaman, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.NEWLINE[-1]: Return a card at random from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE[-X]: Ramaz, Mad Shaman deals X damage to each creature, each other planeswalker, and each player.	planeswalker	END	2	!landslot\nNarset, Mystial Mentor	WUR	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Narset 	223	WUR	1URW			[+2]: Untap up to one target creature you control. That creature gains vigilance and haste until end of turn.NEWLINE[+1]: Empower–Scry 2, If you have activated three or more abilities this turn that aren’t mana abilities (including this one), instead scry 2 then draw a card.NEWLINE[-7]: For each ability you’ve activated this turn that isn’t a mana ability (including this one), exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast noncreature, nonland cards exiled this way without paying their mana costs and you may play the rest.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nNicol Bolas, Revered Deity	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Bolas 	224	UBR	3UBBR			[+2]: Each opponent discards a card and you draw a card.NEWLINE[+1]: Whenever a creature attacks a planeswalker you control, that creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn for each attacking creature.NEWLINE[-3]: Nicol Bolas, Revered Deity deals 7 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE[-4]: Put target creature or planeswalker card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.NEWLINE[-10]: Each player sacrifices each other nonland permanent they control.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nVivien, Avenger of Skalla	G	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Vivien 	205	G	3GG			[+1]: Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.NEWLINE[-3]: Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE[-8]: Create a token that’s a copy of a card named Craterhoof Behemoth. (It’s a 5/5 green Beast creature token with haste, “When Craterhoof Behemoth enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control,” and mana cost 5GGG.)	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nNissa, the World Sage	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Nissa 	193	G	3GG			[0]: Put a loyalty counter on Nissa, the World Sage for each land you control, then remove three loyalty counters from Nissa, the World Sage.NEWLINE[-3]: Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put all land cards from among them onto the battlefield and the rest into your hand.NEWLINE[-X]: Put X +1/+1 counters on target land you control. Untap it. It becomes a 0/0 Elemental creature with haste that’s still a land.NEWLINE[-X]: Search your library for half X basic land cards, rounded down, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nTibalt, False Devotee	R	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Tibalt 	162	R	RR			[+1]: You may discard a card. If you do, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Create a 1/1 red Devil creature token with “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target.”NEWLINE[-4]: Gain control of all creatures and planeswalkers until end of turn. Untap them. They gain haste until end of turn. You lose the game at the beginning of your next upkeep.	planeswalker	END	2	!landslot\nChandra, Rekindled	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Chandra 	131	R	2RR			[+2]: Add RR.NEWLINE[-X]: Chandra, Rekindled deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE[-X]: Exile the top X cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled this way.NEWLINE[-X]: Create two X/1 red Elemental creature tokens with trample and haste. Sacrifice them at the beginning of the next end step.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nOb Nixilis, Curel Tormentor	B	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Nixilis 	115	B	1BB			[+1]: Each opponent who has no cards in hand or has seven or more cards in hand loses 2 life. Each other opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.NEWLINE[-2]: Choose creature or planeswalker. Each opponent sacrifices a permanent of the chosen type.NEWLINE[-5]: Each opponent chooses a card in their hand and discards the rest.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nLiliana, Seeking Closure	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Liliana 	110	B	3BB			When Liliana, Seeking Closure dies, destroy all planeswalkers her owner doesn’t control.NEWLINE[+1]: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.NEWLINE[0]: Each player sacrifices a creature or non-Liliana planeswalker.NEWLINE[-7]: Liliana, Seeking Closure’s owner returns all other creature and planeswalker cards from their graveyard to the battlefield under their control.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nTezzeret, Master Agent	U	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Tezzeret 	78	U	2UU			[+1]: Untap up to one target nonland permanent.NEWLINE[-2]: Draw two cards, then choose any number of other permanents with counters on them, then give each another counter of each kind already there.NEWLINE[-6]: Create four 3/3 colorless Golem artifact creature tokens.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nJace, Arcstrategist	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Jace 	53	U	3UU			FlashNEWLINEWhen Jace, Arcstrategist enters the battlefield, you may activate one of his loyalty abilities this turn at any time you could cast an instant.NEWLINE[+1]: Look at the top card of target player’s library. You may put that card on the bottom of that player’s library.NEWLINE[0]: Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINE[-X]: You may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value X or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nAnabelle, Planar Regent	W	rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Anabelle 	4	W	2WW			[+1]: Exile the top card of your library face down and look at it. For as long as that card remains exiled, if you would draw a card, you may instead put that card into your hand.NEWLINE[-3]: Anabelle, Planar Regent deals 2 damage to each tapped creature.NEWLINE[-6]: Target player’s life total becomes equal to their starting life total.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nGideon, Rallier of Worlds	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Gideon 	24	W	1WW			Whenever another legendary permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a loyalty counter on Gideon, Rallier of Worlds.NEWLINE[+1]: Until end of turn, Gideon, Rallier of Worlds becomes a 4/4 Human Soldier creature with indestructible that’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.NEWLINE[-2]: Search your library for a legendary card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-8]: Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put up to two legendary permanent cards from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	planeswalker	END	3	!landslot\nKylixid, Warden of the Warped		rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Kylixid 	2	C	4			[+1]: Create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.”NEWLINE[0]: Look at the top card of your library. If it’s a colorless card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINE[-6]: For each permanent you don’t control, you may move any number of counters from that permanent onto another permanent that shares a card type with it.	planeswalker	END	4	!landslot\nKarn, Keeper of Worlds		rare	Legendary Planeswalker – Karn 	1	C	5			[+2]: Until your next turn, up to one target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its mana value.NEWLINE[-1]: Up to one target nonland permanent loses all abilities until your next turn.NEWLINE[-11]: Exile all other nonalnd permanents. Then put a card of each permanent type from exile onto the battlefield under your control.	planeswalker	END	5	!landslot\nUgin, the Fated Twin		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ugin 	3	C	7			[+1]: Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target multicored permanent. Put a number of loyalty counters on Ugin, the Fated Twin equal to the exiled card’s mana value.NEWLINE[-6]: Take an extra turn after this one.NEWLINE[-12]: Restart the game. At the beginning of your first upkeep that game, search your library for up to three planeswalker cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	planeswalker	END	7	!landslot\nDesperate Stand	W	rare	Instant	15	W	2W	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEPermanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn. You can’t lose the game this turn and your opponents can’t win the game this turn.NEWLINEUntil end of turn, damage that would reduce your life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.NEWLINEUntil end of turn, damage that would reduce the number of loyalty counters on a planeswalker you control to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.			normal	END		\nRestore to Power	WB	rare	Instant	36	WB	2WW	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEReturn to the battlefield all creature, planeswalker, and land cards in your graveyard that were put there from anywhere this turn.			normal	END		\nUgin's Intervention	U	uncommon	Instant	82	U	XUU	Counter X target spells.			normal	END		\nCrushing Dominance	UBR	rare	Sorcery	212	UBR	XXUBR	Choose X (you may only choose each mode once)–NEWLINE• Exile target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Gain control of target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Target player discards three cards.NEWLINE• Crushing Dominance deals 5 damage to any target.NEWLINE• Destroy target noncreature permanent.			normal	END		\nCrucible of Fire	R	rare	Enchantment	133	R	3R	Dragon creatures you control get +3/+3.			normal	END		\nBoon of Strength	RG	common	Instant	170	RG	G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINETarget creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	END		\nSure Strike	R	common	Instant	160	R	1R	Target creature gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	END		\nBolas's Devotees	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	89	B	2B	When Bolas’s Devotees enters the battlefield, if it isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of Bolas’s Devotees. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		\nDeity's Disposal	U	common	Instant	49	U	1UU	Counter target spell. Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nStorm of Possibility	U	common	Sorcery	77	U	U	Rewrite 2. (You may shuffle up to two cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		\nTolarian Revisionist	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	80	U	2U	T: Rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		\nTwist of Fate	U	common	Instant	81	U	1U	Return target creature or planeswalker to its owner’s hand.NEWLINERewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nLoyal Scribe	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	59	U	1U	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Loyal Scribe.	1/2		normal	END		\nPrivileged Drake	U	common	Creature – Drake 	72	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEPrivileged Drake gets +1/+0 for each card you’ve drawn this turn.	1/4		normal	END		\nKeper of Murky Depths	U	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	55	U	2U	Keper of Murky Depths can’t be blocked as long as you have cast a blue spell this turn.NEWLINEKeper of Murky Depths gets +1/+1 as long as you have cast a black spell this turn.NEWLINEWhenever Keper of Murky Depths deals combat damage to a player, if you have cast a red spell this turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/3		normal	END		\nMana Leak	U	common	Instant	60	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.			normal	END		\nMerfolk Looter	U	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Rogue 	64	U	1U	T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	1/1		normal	END		\nAugur of Bolas	U	uncommon	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	45	U	1U	When Augur of Bolas enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an instant or sorcery card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/3		normal	END		\nCabal Agent	B	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	91	B	B	When Cabal Agent enters the battlefield, you lose 1 life and you rewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)	1/1		normal	END		\nVodalian Trademage	U	common	Creature – Merfolk Wizard 	84	U	3U	Empower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, scry 2. (Loyalty abilities are activated abilities.)	2/5		normal	END		\nShift the Perspective	U	common	Sorcery	75	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card.NEWLINERewrite 1. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nRemake	U	rare	Sorcery	73	U	3U	Draw two cards, then rewrite 7. (You may shuffle up to seven cards from your hand into your library. If you do, draw that many cards.)			normal	END		\nDestiny Trader	U	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	50	U	2U	If you would draw one or more cards except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, instead draw that many cards plus one.	2/3		normal	END		\nTumultuous Turn	R	rare	Sorcery	164	R	1R	Each player rewrites 7. (Each player may shuffle up to seven cards from their hand into their library. If they do, they draw that many cards.)			normal	END		\nFearless Martyr	B	common	Creature – Satyr Cleric 	100	B	1B	When Fearless Martyr dies, if it isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of Fearless Martyr. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		\nArisen Again	B	common	Sorcery	86	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain life equal to its mana value.			normal	END		\nNight Party	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	114	B	1B	1B, Exile a creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of Night Party. (Token copies have the mana cost of the permanent they’re a copy of.)	1/1		normal	END		\nTwin Bursts	R	uncommon	Instant	165	R	2RR	Twin Bursts deals 2 damage to each of up to two target creatures and/or planeswalkers.NEWLINEOvercome–Whenever a creature or planeswalker dealt damage by Twin Bursts this turn dies, Twin Bursts deals 2 damage to that creature’s controller.			normal	END		\nRevision of Ashes	R	common	Sorcery	153	R	R	Rewrite 1. Then, Revision of Ashes deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker, where X is the number of cards you’ve drawn this turn. (You may shuffle a card from your hand into your library. If you do, draw a card.)			normal	END		\nRelentless Reviser	R	common	Creature – Goblin Wizard 	152	R	2R	When Relentless Reviser attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each card you’ve drawn this turn.	1/3		normal	END		\nLlanowar Convert	BG	rare	Creature – Elf Druid 	188	UBRG	G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINET: Add U, B, or R.	1/1		normal	END		\nConverted Thallid	BG	common	Creature – Fungus 	171	BG	1G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEWhenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Converted Thallid.	1/1		normal	END		\nEnd the Old Brood	RG	common	Sorcery	175	RG	1G	(This card is red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEEnd the Old Brood deals 5 damage to target creature with flying.			normal	END		\nGlimpse the New	UG	common	Sorcery	177	UG	G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEReveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a blue, black, or red creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	END		\nMortality Weaver	BG	common	Creature – Elf Shaman 	191	BG	3G	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)NEWLINEWhen Mortality Weaver enters the battlefield, another target creature gets +1/+1 and gains deathtouch until end of turn.	3/3		normal	END		\nLlanowar Combatant	G	uncommon	Creature – Elf Warrior 	187	G	G	G, Exile Llanowar Combatant from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	END		\nTunneling Tombwurm	BG	common	Creature – Wurm 	201	BG	4GG	(This card is black in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINECreature offering (You may cast this card any time you could cast an instant by sacrificing a creature and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed creature. Mana cost includes color.)	6/6		normal	END		\nDivine Defense	UG	common	Instant	172	UG	1G	(This card is blue in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINETarget permanent gains shroud until end of turn. If it’s a creature, it gets +0/+3 until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)			normal	END		\nShivian Rider	R	uncommon	Creature – Goblin 	156	R	3RR	As long as you control a Dragon, Shivian Rider has flying and haste.NEWLINER: Create a 4/4 red Dragon creature token with flying. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you control no Dragon tokens.	2/2		normal	END		\nTeferi, Multiverse's Ally	WU	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	230	WU	2WU	Ward–Put a card from your hand on the bottom of your library.NEWLINEEmpower–Whenever you activate your third ability in a turn that isn’t a mana ability, for each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn. (Loyalty abilities are activated     abilities.)	3/3		normal	END		\nShalai, Voice of Bolas	WUBRG	rare	Legendary Creature – Angel 	228	WUBRG	3GW	(This card is blue, black, and red in addition to its other colors.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEEach other creature you control that’s blue, black or red enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it if G or if W was spent to cast it.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell that’s blue, black, or red, draw a card if G or if W was spent to cast it.	4/4		normal	END		\nBelzenlok, Keeper of Contracts	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Elder Demon 	87	B	5BBB	FlyingNEWLINERather than pay the mana cost for a spell you cast from your hand, you may pay 0. If you do, at the beginning of your next upkeep you lose the game unless you pay that spell’s mana cost. (Mana cost includes color.)	6/6		normal	END		\nWeatherlight, Ready for War		mythic	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	239	C	4	FlyingNEWLINEPlaneswalkers you control have “+2: Weatherlight, Ready for War becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.”NEWLINEWhenever Weatherlight attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then you may remove any number of +1/+1 counters from it. When you do, it deals that much damage to any target.NEWLINECrew 3	3/3		normal	END		\nSolemn Departure	WB	rare	Sorcery	229	WB	WB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a planeswalker.NEWLINEDestroy each nonland permanent with mana value X or less, where X is the number of loyalty counters on the sacrificed planeswalker.			normal	END		\nTarox, Brood Convert	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Dragon 	161	R	2RR	FlyingNEWLINE1R, Discard a Dragon card: Double Tarox, Brood Convert’s power until end of turn. Then if the discarded card was legendary, Tarox deals damage equal to its power to up to one target creature or planeswalker.	3/3		normal	END		\nTireless Team	WU	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	204	WU	4WU	When Tireless Team enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature tokens.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nAstral Rebirth	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	191	BG	XBG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice any number of enchantments. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment sacrificed this way.NEWLINEReturn any number of target enchantment cards with total mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	GLX		\nNebula Keeper	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	33	W	1W		2/2		normal	GLX		\nStalwart Guardmage	W	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	42	W	1W	FlashNEWLINEWhen Stalwart Guardmage enters the battlefield, target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	GLX		\nBasebeamer	W	common	Creature – Human Scout 	21	W	2W	1W, T, Return Basebeamer to its owner’s hand: Warp another target creature you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/3		normal	GLX		\nAsterborn Oracle	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	18	W	3W	When Asterborn Oracle enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nAntimatter Regent	W	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	17	W	4W	When Antimatter Regent enters the battlefield, warp target permanent you control not named Antimatter Regent. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/5		normal	GLX		\nVoidfiller	W	common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	47	W	6W	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each colorless nonland permanent you control.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nStarstruck	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	46	W	1WW	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Starstruck enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack, block, or crew Vehicles.			normal	GLX		\nBrightspear	W	common	Instant	23	W	1W	Brightspear deals 2 damage to target tapped creature.NEWLINECreate a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nSplendid Reaction	W	common	Sorcery	41	W	2W	Choose one or both –NEWLINE• Exile target artifact or enchantment you don’t control.NEWLINE• Warp target artifact or enchantment you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nVoidsight Prophet	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	83	U	U	When Voidsight Prophet enters the battlefield, scry 2.	1/2		normal	GLX		\nInsanity Instiller	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	66	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, target player mills four cards.	1/3		normal	GLX		\nWormhole Guide	U	common	Creature – Human Scout 	85	U	2U	Wormhole Guide can’t be blocked.NEWLINEWhenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Wormhole Guide gets +1/+0 until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)	1/3		normal	GLX		\nStarswimmers	U	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Fish 	79	U	3UU		5/4		normal	GLX		\nOverdesigned Construct	U	common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	71	U	5U	Whenever Overdesigned Construct attacks, return another creature you control to its owner’s hand.	6/6		normal	GLX		\nHoverbase Guard	U	common	Creature – Human Scout 	63	U	1U	DefenderNEWLINEWhenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Hoverbase Guard can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender. (Lands are colorless.)	3/2		normal	GLX		\nAdapted Survivor	U	common	Creature – Human Scout 	51	U	2U	When Adapted Survivor enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nResearch Capsule	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	75	U	3U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Research Capsule enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.NEWLINEEnchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.NEWLINEAt he beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.			normal	GLX		\nBreach the Horizon	U	common	Sorcery	54	U	2UU	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINEScry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	GLX		\nAstral Wings	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	53	U	2U	Enchanted creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature leaves the battlefield, return Astral Wings to its owner’s hand.			normal	GLX		\nInfantile Obliviator	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	101	B	B		1/2		normal	GLX		\nHerald of Despair	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	99	B	1B	Constellation–Whenever Herald of Despair or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life.	2/1		normal	GLX		\nExhausted Renegade	B	common	Creature – Human Rogue 	96	B	1B	When Exhausted Renegade dies, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nOmenmaker	B	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	105	B	3B	When Omenmaker enters the battlefield, you may pay up to 2 life. For each 1 life paid this way, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	3/2		normal	GLX		\nStellar Imploder	B	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	113	B	4B	Constellation–Whenever Stellar Imploder or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target player mills two cards. You gain 1 life for each land card milled this way.	4/5		normal	GLX		\nSurface Levelers	B	common	Artifact Creature – Golem 	114	B	5B	FlashNEWLINEWhen Surface Levelers enters the battlefield, destroy target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls that was dealt damage this turn.	5/4		normal	GLX		\nTouch of the Eternities	B	common	Instant	116	B	B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, if you control a colorless nonland permanent, exile it instead.			normal	GLX		\nWhispers of the Nebula	B	common	Enchantment	120	B	2B	When Whispers of the Nebula enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.			normal	GLX		\nAgonizing Collapse	B	common	Sorcery	86	B	3B	Target opponent discards two cards.NEWLINECreate a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nTether to the Concrete	B	common	Enchantment – Aura 	115	B	B	Enchant creature or planeswalker you controlNEWLINEIf enchanted permanent would die, warp it instead. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nDaring Cosmonaut	R	common	Creature – Human Pilot 	126	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Daring Cosmonaut becomes tapped, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	0/1		normal	GLX		\nTectonic Manipulator	R	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	151	R	1R		3/1		normal	GLX		\nExplorer of Hostile Lands	R	common	Creature – Human Scout 	131	R	3R	Whenever Explorer of Hostile Lands attacks, you may warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	4/3		normal	GLX		\nHoverbase Captain	R	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	136	R	3R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Hoverbase Captain becomes tapped, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, creatures and Vehicles you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nMinemaker	R	common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	144	R	4R	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Minemaker deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nWarminded Anomolies	R	common	Creature – Beast Warrior 	153	R	5R	Warminded Anomolies is colorless.NEWLINETrample	6/5		normal	GLX		\nHijack	R	common	Sorcery	135	R	1RR	Gain control of target artifact or creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	GLX		\nErgonomic Upgrades	R	common	Enchantment – Aura 	130	R	1R	Enchant creature or vehicleNEWLINEEnchanted permanent gets +2/+2 and has trample.NEWLINETap an untapped creature you control: As long as enchanted permanent is a Vehicle, it becomes a creature in addition to its other types until end of turn.			normal	GLX		\nImmediate Deployment	R	common	Instant	137	R	1R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains first strike until end of turn.NEWLINE• Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.			normal	GLX		\nGeode Drill	R	common	Sorcery	133	R	3R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets an artifact.NEWLINEDestroy target artifact or land.			normal	GLX		\nStarformed Centaur	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Centaur 	185	G	2G	ReachNEWLINEConstellation–Whenever Starformed Centaur or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Starformed Centaur gets +0/+1 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nAmbush Party	G	common	Creature – Human Beast Warrior 	155	G	3G	FlashNEWLINEWhen Ambush Party enters the battlefield, target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nNest Raider	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	177	G	3G	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nBioadapted Monstrosity	G	common	Creature – Beast Mutant 	159	G	4G	Bioadapted Monstrosity is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Bioadapted Monstrosity enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	4/3		normal	GLX		\nStellar Pouncer	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	188	G	4G	Constellation–Whenever Stellar Pouncer or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Stellar Pouncer gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nPower of the Nebulas	G	common	Instant	178	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINETarget creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.NEWLINECreate a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nChart the Uncharted	G	common	Enchantment – Aura 	162	G	2G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Chart the Uncharted enters the battlefield, return target enchantment or land card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+2.			normal	GLX		\nNovie Mattermaker		common	Creature – Human Wizard 	9	C	3C	When Novie Mattermaker enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	3/3		normal	GLX		\nAutopilots		common	Artifact Creature – Construct Pilot 	209	C	3	Defender (This creature can’t attack.)	5/1		normal	GLX		\nNewland Surveyors		common	Artifact Creautre – Construct 	221	C	3	When Newland Surveyors enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	GLX		\nManakin		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	220	C	2	T: Add C.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nStar-Crossed Couple	W	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	43	W	2W	When Star-Crossed Couple enters the battlefield, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn (including Star-Crossed Couple), put a +1/+1 counter on Star-Crossed Couple.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nStargate Follower	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	45	W	1W	FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile Stargate Follower. If you do, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. (It enters with summoning sickness.)	1/2		normal	GLX		\nWorldtie Manipulator	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	49	W	1WW	Colorless spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.NEWLINEWhenever a colorless nonland permanent enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nRealmstrider	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	37	W	3W	Realmstrider is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Realmstrider enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.NEWLINE• Search your library for a basic Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE• Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nNebula Harnesser	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	32	W	3WW	Constellation–Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nAsters Unleashed	W	uncommon	Sorcery	19	W	3W	Create two white Star enchantment tokens with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.” Then, exile target creature with power less than or equal to the number of enchantments you control.			normal	GLX		\nNaked Singularity	W	uncommon	Enchantment	31	W	1W	Whenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINE3W: Warp another target permanent you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nIncomprehensible Species	U	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	65	U	2U	Incomprehensible Species is colorless.NEWLINEYou may have Incomprehensible Species enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature you control, except it’s colorless.	0/0		normal	GLX		\nVoidbreacher	U	uncommon	Creature – Whale 	82	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Voidbreacher. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nEternities Swimmer	U	uncommon	Creature – Fish 	60	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Eternities Swimmer becomes tapped, you may warp another target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	1/1		normal	GLX		\nTo the Stars	U	uncommon	Sorcery	80	U	3UU	Warp target permanent you control. You draw cards equal to its mana value. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nWarp Trail	U	uncommon	Enchantment	84	U	3U	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may warp another target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nResearch Mission	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	At the beginning of each end step, if you had three or more permanents enter the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			normal	GLX		\nStardust Devourer	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Cat 	111	B	3B	Constellation–Whenever Stardust Devourer or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nDoomrunner	B	uncommon	Creature – Nightmare Horse 	95	B	3B	FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, for each player who lost life this turn, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		\nAnimate Duality	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	87	B	2B	Constellation–Whenever Animate Duality or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature you control gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nReturn from Oblivion	B	uncommon	Sorcery	107	B	2BB	Warp target artifact or creature card in your graveyard. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nMarauder Marshall	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	141	R	R	HasteNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	GLX		\nSteelstreamer	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Artificer 	148	R	2R	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may exile the top card of your library. If you do, you may play that card this turn. If you don’t, Steelstreamer deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nAsteroid Blaster	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	122	R	3R	Whenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, Asteroid Blaster deals 2 damage to any target.	4/3		normal	GLX		\nLone Adventurer	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	140	R	4R	HasteNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Lone Adventurer gains flying until end of turn.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nSpacewalker	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	146	R	2R	Spacewalker is colorless.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may warp an untapped land you control. If you do, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/3		normal	GLX		\nDebris Cannon	R	uncommon	Artifact	127	R	2R	Whenever a land you control leaves the battlefield, Debris Cannon deals 2 damage to each opponent.NEWLINER, T: Sacrifice a land. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	GLX		\nArc Flare	R	uncommon	Instant	121	R	1R	Arc Flare deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINELandfall–If you had a land enter the battlefield under your control this turn, Arc Flare deals 4 damage to that target instead.			normal	GLX		\nPrideforger	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Cat 	179	G	3G	Constellation–Whenever Prideforger or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nStar-Blessed Hunters	G	uncommon	Creature – Cat 	183	G	3GG	Constellation–Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Star-Blessed Hunters fight target creature.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nHoverbase Pioneers	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	169	G	4GG	When Hoverbase Pioneers enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Create two white Star enchantment tokens with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINE• Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nApelike Anomalies	G	uncommon	Creature – Monkey Mutant 	156	G	1GG	Apelike Anomalies is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Apelike Anomalies enters the battlefield, you may warp any number of untapped lands you control. For each land warped this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Apelike Anomalies. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nAstral Hunter	G	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Wolf 	158	G	G	Constellation–Whenever Astral Hunter or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nMapping Route	G	uncommon	Enchantment	174	G	2GG	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, choose one–NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	GLX		\nApplied Assistant		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Construct 	207	C	2	When Applied Assistant leaves the battlefield, draw a card.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nUnity Keeper		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Construct 	229	C	3	Whenever another permanent you control leaves the battlefield, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nWeather Bunker		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	231	C	2	Crew Weather Bunker only once each turn.NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures crew Weather Bunker, you may exile one of those creatures.NEWLINEWhen Weather Bunker is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return each creature card exiled with it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.NEWLINECrew 1	0/6		normal	GLX		\nAstral Aligner	W	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	20	W	1W	At the beginning of each end step, if you created one or more tokens this turn, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINEAstral Aligner gets +2/+2 as long as you control seven or more tokens.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nRescuer	W	rare	Creature – Cleric 	40	W	2W	Rescuer is colorless.NEWLINEFlashNEWLINEWhen Rescuer enters the battlefield, until end of turn, if another creature you control would die, warp it instead. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	1/4		normal	GLX		\nHorizon Chaser	U	rare	Creature – Human Scout 	62	U	2U	Whenever Horizon Chaser becomes tapped, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a colorless card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINEColorless spells you control can’t be countered.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nMobilization Specialist	U	rare	Artifact Creature – Construct 	69	U	3U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target colorless non-Aura permanent you control. If that permanent isn’t a creature or Vehicle, it becomes a 0/0 creature in addition to its other types. If that permanent is a land, it gains haste until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)	2/4		normal	GLX		\nMaster Technician	U	rare	Creature – Human Pilot 	68	U	3U	Whenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Master Technician.NEWLINEArtifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast for each +1/+1 counter on Master Technician.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nInspired Awe	U	rare	Enchantment	67	U	2U	When Inspired Awe enters the battlefield, you may warp target colorless permanent. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)NEWLINEWhenever you warp a permanent, draw a card.			normal	GLX		\nCosmic Rebirther	B	rare	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	92	B	3BB	Constellation–Whenever Cosmic Rebirther or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, return to the battlefield target nonenchantment creature card in your graveyard with mana value less than or equal to the number of enchantments you control.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nForeboding Prophets	B	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	97	B	3BB	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, if it isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.” (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINESacrifice six Stars: Destroy all other creatures.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nTactless Raider	R	rare	Creature – Human Warrior 	150	R	1R	HasteNEWLINEWhenever Tactless Raider becomes tapped, it deals damage equal to its power to each opponent.	1/2		normal	GLX		\nVoidflare Artist	R	rare	Creature – Human Scout 	152	R	2R	Voidflare Artist is colorless.NEWLINEWhenever another colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, Voidflare Artist gets +1/+0 until end of turn. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINEWhenever Voidflare Artist attacks, add an amount of C equal to its power minus 2. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nEnigma Voyager	G	rare	Creature – Human Scout 	166	G	G	Enigma Voyager is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Enigma Voyager leaves the battlefield, look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of other colorless permanents you control. You may reveal a permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nEternus, the Living Cosmos	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Elemental Avatar 	28	W	4WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Eternus, the Living Cosmos enters the battlefield, for each nonenchantment permanent you control, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C” and exile that permanent until that Star leaves the battlefield. Until your next turn, you can’t activate abilities of Stars.NEWLINEEternus’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of enchantments you control.	*/*		normal	GLX		\nBlissful Unity	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	22	W	4W	Whenever a legendary creature or planeswalker enters the battlefield under your control, if you cast it from your hand, you may reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a legendary creature or planeswalker card with lesser mana value. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	GLX		\nParallel Paradox	U	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	72	U	CCCUUU	Parallel Paradox is colorless.NEWLINEWhenever you cast another colorless spell, copy it for each other colorless spell you’ve cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token. Lands aren’t spells.)			normal	GLX		\nShattered Prophet	B	mythic	Creature – Angel Cleric 	110	B	2BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Shattered Prophet attacks, you may sacrifice a permanent. If you do, each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. If the permanent you sacrificed was colorless, instead destroy target creature or planeswalker you don’t control. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nRecolonization Process	W	common	Enchantment	38	W	2W	When Recolonization Process enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.			normal	GLX		\nLeo Formation	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Cat 	30	W	W	Constellation–Whenever Leo Formation or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nNova Composite	W	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	36	W	3W	Constellation–Whenever Nova Composite or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Nova Composite.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nIon Blast	W	common	Instant	29	W	4W	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	GLX		\nCatastrophic Expansion	W	common	Instant	24	W	2W	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINEDestroy target attacking or blocking creature.			normal	GLX		\nVoidglider	W	common	Creature – Bird 	48	W	1W	Voidglider is colorless.NEWLINEFlying	1/3		normal	GLX		\nEternities Oracle	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	27	W	1W	2W, T: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		\nPod of Skywhales	U	common	Creature – Whale 	73	U	3U	Pod of Skywhales is colorless.NEWLINEFlying	3/3		normal	GLX		\nBlaster Construct		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	211	W	3	W: Blaster Construct gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	GLX		\nAscender Contruct		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	208	U	3	U: Ascender Contruct gains flying until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nEmergency Provisions	U	common	Instant	57	U	3UU	Choose one–NEWLINE• Counter target spell.NEWLINE• Create two 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature tokens.			normal	GLX		\nAimless Drifter	U	common	Creature – Human Scout 	52	U	1U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1. (Lands are colorless.)	2/1		normal	GLX		\nCatastropic Miscalculation	U	common	Instant	55	U	1U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEWarp up to one target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nHyperspeed Reflexes	U	common	Instant	64	U	2U	Choose one–NEWLINE• Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.NEWLINE• Warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nScholar of Stars	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	77	U	3U	When Scholar of Stars enters the battlefield, if you control an artifact, draw a card.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nAntimatter Blast	B	common	Instant	88	B	2BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINEDestroy target creature.			normal	GLX		\nBiome Collision	B	common	Sorcery	90	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.NEWLINEDestroy target permanent that shares a type with the sacrificed permanent.			normal	GLX		\nStarfighter Adept	B	common	Creature – Human Pilot 	112	B	2B	Whenever Starfighter Adept becomes tapped, target creature or vehicle gains menace until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nAnnihilator Construct		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	206	B	2	B: Annihilator Construct gains deathtouch until end of turn.	1/3		normal	GLX		\nSalvage	B	common	Sorcery	108	B	1B	Choose one or more–NEWLINE• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		\nVoidwarped Wanderer	B	common	Creature – Human Scout 	118	B	2B	Voidwarped Wanderer is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Voidwarped Wanderer enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nHardened Veteran	B	common	Creature – Human Pilot 	98	B	3B	Whenever a colorless permanent you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Hardened Veteran. (Lands are colorless.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nCore Collapse	R	common	Instant	124	R	4R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Core Collapse deals 4 damage to target creature or planeswalker.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target land.			normal	GLX		\nDebris Navigator	R	common	Creature – Human Scout 	128	R	R	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, target creature can’t block this turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nHighforce Pilot	R	common	Creature – Human Pilot 	134	R	2R	Whenever Highforce Pilot becomes tapped, target creature or vehicle you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nSpeeder Construct		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	227	R	2	R: Speeder Construct gains haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nMine to the Core	R	common	Instant	143	R	2R	Landfall–This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land that has entered the battlefield under your control this turn.NEWLINEMine to the Core deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	GLX		\nCraterhub Resident	R	common	Creature – Human Scout 	125	R	2R	TrampleNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Craterhub Resident gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GLX		\nFlames of Starforge	R	common	Sorcery	132	R	2R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINEExile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	GLX		\nApex Species	G	common	Creature – Beast Mutant 	157	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Apex Species.	5/5		normal	GLX		\nBiome Charter	G	common	Creature – Human Scout 	160	G	1G	When Biome Charter enters the battlefield, you may warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nMap the Realms	G	common	Enchantment	173	G	1GG	FlashNEWLINEWhen Map the Realms enters the battlefield, search your library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nDogfight	G	common	Sorcery	164	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Vehicle it targets. (Those Vehicles must be artifact creatures to be targeted by this spell.)NEWLINETarget creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature an opponent controls.			normal	GLX		\nElk Formation	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Elk 	165	G	1G	TrampleNEWLINEConstellation–Whenever Elk Formation or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Elk Formation gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nRuin by Fauna	G	common	Sorcery	180	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control.NEWLINEChoose one–NEWLINE• That creature fights target creature you don’t control.NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.			normal	GLX		\nStardust Prowler	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Wolf 	184	G	2G		4/2		normal	GLX		\nGifts of the Nebula	G	common	Instant	167	G	G	Choose one–NEWLINE•  Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINE• Warp target land you control (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)NEWLINE• Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nBrawler Construct		common	Artifact Creature – Construct 	212	G	4	G: Brawler Construct gains trample until end of turn.	4/3		normal	GLX		\nLifefinder	G	common	Creature – Human Druid 	171	G	G	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Lifefinder gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nBiomass Reactor		common	Land	234	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GLX		\nEvolving Wilds		common	Land	238	C		T, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nGeode Mine		common	Land	244	C		Geode Mine enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Geode Mine enters the battlefield, add one mana of any color.NEWLINET: Add C.			normal	GLX		\nWastes		common	Basic Land	247	C					normal	GLX		\nWastes		common	Basic Land	248	C					normal	GLX		\nGravity Well		common	Enchantment – Aura 	4	C	2C	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -5/-0 and loses flying.			normal	GLX		\nSolemn Explorer		common	Creature – Human Scout 	10	C	1C		2/2		normal	GLX		\nWarphole Rift		common	Instant	14	C	1C	Warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nCrush of Gravity		common	Sorcery	3	C	1C	Tap target creature. If that creature has flying, destroy it.			normal	GLX		\nGround Hauler		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	216	C	5	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Ground Hauler gains trample until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	8/8		normal	GLX		\nNova Researcher		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	222	C	2	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEConstellation–Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may switch Nova Researcher’s power and toughness until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)         	2/4		normal	GLX		\nGalactic Voyager		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	215	C	3	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Galactic Voyager attacks or blocks, scry 1.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	GLX		\nNebula Runner	W	uncommon	Creature – Unicorn 	34	W	1W	Whenever Nebula Runner attacks, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	2/2		normal	GLX		\nNebula Titan	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Giant 	35	W	4WW	When Nebula Titan enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	4/6		normal	GLX		\nYoung Aster	W	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	50	W	W	Constellation–Whenever Young Aster or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Young Aster.NEWLINEYoung Aster has flying and vigilance as long as it has four or more +1/+1 counters on it.	0/1		normal	GLX		\nDeploy the Starfleet	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	1U	Search your library for a Vehicle card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nRecord Keeper	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	74	U	U	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, put a page counter on Record Keeper. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINERemove five page counters from Record Keeper: Search your library for a colorless card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nTrance	U	uncommon	Instant	81	U	1U	You may return a colorless nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.NEWLINECounter target spell unless its controller pays 1.			normal	GLX		\nSquadron Captain	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Pilot 	78	U	3U	At the beginning of your end step, untap all Vehicles you control and all creatures that crewed Vehicles this turn.	4/2		normal	GLX		\nCrash Survivor	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Pilot 	93	B	2B	Crash Survivor enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may put Crash Survivor from your hand onto the battlefield.	3/3		normal	GLX		\nScion of Null	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Rogue 	109	B	1B	Scion of Null is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Scion of Null enters the battlefield, each player loses 1 life.NEWLINEWhenever a colorless nonland permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Scion of Null from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	GLX		\nWastescape Combatant	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	119	B	B	Wastescape Combatant has deathtouch as long as you control a colorless nonland permanent.NEWLINE2B, Sacrifice Wastescape Combatant: Wastescape Combatant deals 1 damage to target creature.	1/2		normal	GLX		\nUnteather	B	uncommon	Instant	117	B	B	Put target face-up exiled card into its owner’s graveyard.			normal	GLX		\nMatter Drain	B	uncommon	Instant	104	B	1BB	Exile target creature, enchantment, or planeswalker and all other permanents its controller controls with the same name as that permanent. You lose 1 life for each permanent exiled this way.			normal	GLX		\nProduction Manager	B	uncommon	Creature – Human Artificer 	106	B	4B	T, Sacrifice a nonartifact creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	5/4		normal	GLX		\nImpact Tremors	R	uncommon	Enchantment	138	R	1R	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, Impact Tremors deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	GLX		\nSpirited Wanderer	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	147	R	1R	When Spirited Wanderer becomes tapped, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card. If the discarded card was colorless, target creature can’t block this turn. (Lands are colorless.)	2/1		normal	GLX		\nDust Storm	R	uncommon	Instant	129	R	2R	Dust Storm deals to each creature equal to the number of colorless nonland permanents you control.			normal	GLX		\nCareless Wanderer	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	161	G	1G	When Careless Wanderer enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINESacrifice four enchantments: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nHabitat Charter	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	168	G	G	When Habitat Charter enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nScarhide Behemoth	G	uncommon	Creature – Beast 	181	G	1GG	Scarhide Behemoth enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Scarhide BehemothNEWLINEIf damage would be dealt to Scarhide Behemoth while it has a +1/+1 counter on it, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from Scarhide Behemoth.	0/0		normal	GLX		\nStellar Nursery	G	uncommon	Enchantment	187	G	2G	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nVoidscape	WB	uncommon	Enchantment	205	WB	2WB	Whenever a colorless permanent enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINEWB: Warp target colorless permanent you control. Activate only as a sorcery. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nHead Battledriver	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Warrior 	198	WR	3RW	Other creatures you control have haste.NEWLINEWhenever Head Battledriver or another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token. Exile it at the beginning of your next end step.NEWLINEWhenever the third permanent enters the battlefield under your control each turn, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	4/3		normal	GLX		\nNebula Herald	WG	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Cleric 	199	WG	GW	Constellation–Whenever Nebula Herald or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, if that enchantment isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINET, Sacrifice X enchantments: Return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nEmptiness Forger	UB	uncommon	Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	195	UB	3UB	When Emptiness Forger enters the battlefield, you may return target colorless card from your graveyard to your hand. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINEWhenever you cast a colorless spell, look at the top card of target player’s library. You may put that card into their graveyard.	4/4		normal	GLX		\nAcomplished Admiral	UR	uncommon	Creature – Human Pilot 	190	UR	1UR	HasteNEWLINET: Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever one or more Vehicles you control deal combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nEnvoy of the Unknown	UG	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	196	UG	3GU	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.NEWLINE2GU: Warp target land you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nFleet General	BR	uncommon	Creature – Human Pilot 	197	BR	1BR	MenaceNEWLINEFleet General’s power is equal to 1 plus the number of artifacts you control.	1+*/3		normal	GLX		\nCrater Miner	RG	uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	192	RG	1RG	Landfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Crater Miner deals 1 damage to each opponent.NEWLINERG: You may warp target untapped land you control. When you do, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/2		normal	GLX		\nFrozen Twilight		uncommon	Land	243	WU		Frozen Twilight enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add W or U.			normal	GLX		\nFederation Prisons		uncommon	Land	240	UB		Federation Prisons enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add U or B.			normal	GLX		\nCrash Site		uncommon	Land	235	BR		Crash Site enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add B or R.			normal	GLX		\nExcavated Nest		uncommon	Land	239	RG		Excavated Nest enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add R or G.			normal	GLX		\nAstral Trail		uncommon	Land	232	WG		Astral Trail enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add G or W.			normal	GLX		\nBeatrix, Master Envoy		uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Scout 	1	C	2CC	When Beatrix, Master Envoy enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.NEWLINEOther Scout creatures you control get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nSurfer of the Stars		uncommon	Creature – Human Scout 	13	C	1C	Sacrifice a Star: Surfer of the Stars can’t be blocked until end of turn.	3/1		normal	GLX		\nInto the Rift		uncommon	Sorcery	6	C	2C	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		\nStarscape		uncommon	Sorcery	11	C	3C	Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.NEWLINECreate a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nWarpspace Traveler		uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard Scout 	15	C	3C	Whenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may warp it. Do this only once each turn. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nIntermine Transport		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	219	C	3	Flying, trampleNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Intermine Transport.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nStellar Scape		uncommon	Enchantment Land	246	C		Hexproof (This permanent can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)NEWLINET: Add C.			normal	GLX		\nBiome Scouter		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	210	C	3	FlyingNEWLINEAs long as Biome Scouter is a creature, it has lifelink as long as you control a Plains, vigilance as long as you control an Island, menace as long as you control a Swamp, first strike as long as you control a Mountain, and trample as long as you control a Forest.NEWLINECrew 1	3/3		normal	GLX		\nSlum Scanner		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	225	C	4	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Slum Scanner enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact or creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nSolemn Raft		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	226	C	4	When Solemn Raft enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.NEWLINEWhen Solemn Raft is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may draw a card.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nStealth Fighter		uncommon	Artifact – Vehicle 	228	C	5	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Stealth Fighter attacks or blocks, you may warp target creature that crewed it. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GLX		\nShower Surveyor		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Golem 	224	C	5	T: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”	4/4		normal	GLX		\nBioluminescent Cavern		rare	Land	233	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Bioluminescent Cavern: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nDesolate Scape		rare	Land	237	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Desolate Scape: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nFlooded Jungle		rare	Land	241	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Flooded Jungle: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nRavaged Surface		rare	Land	245	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Ravaged Surface: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nFrostburned Pass		rare	Land	242	C		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Frostburned Pass: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nWastescape		rare	Land	249	C		Lands you control are named Wastes in addition to their other names and have “T: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nAligner Orion	W	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Elemental 	16	W	5W	Constellation–Whenever Aligner Orion or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, if that enchantment isn’t a Star, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice a Star, you gain 1 life for each Star you have sacrificed this turn.NEWLINEPay 28 life: Destroy all other artifacts, creatures, and planeswalkers.	5/5		normal	GLX		\nCelestial Shower	W	rare	Enchantment	25	W	1WW	Lands you control have “T: Add C.”NEWLINENonland permanents you control are colorless. The same is true for spells you control and nonland cards you own that aren’t on the battlefield.NEWLINEYou may spend colorless mana as though it were mana of any color. You may spend other mana only as though it were colorless mana.			normal	GLX		\nEnd of Extinction	W	rare	Instant	26	W	1W	Exile target artifact or enchantment. Search its controller’s graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that permanent and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	GLX		\nStardust Regent	W	rare	Enchantment Creature – Elemental Dragon 	44	W	3WW	FlyingNEWLINEC: Stardust Regent gets +1/+0 until end of turn. If mana produced by a Star was spent to activate this ability, choose one–NEWLINE• Stardust Regent gets an additional +0/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINE• Stardust Regent gains vigilance until end of turn.NEWLINE• Stardust Regent gains lifelink until end of turn.	5/5		normal	GLX		\nRescue Vessel	W	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	39	W	2WW	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Rescue Vessel attacks, you may pay X. If you do, return target permanent card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nExplorer's Vessel	U	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	61	U	2UU	Flying, defenderNEWLINEWhenever Explorer’s Vessel becomes crewed for the first time each turn, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.NEWLINECrew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	1/4		normal	GLX		\nMonolith Analysis	U	rare	Enchantment	70	U	1U	Monolith Analysis is colorless.NEWLINEWhen Monolith Analysis enters the battlefield, draw a card.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, if seven or more permanents named Monolith Analysis entered the battlefield under your control last turn, you win the game.			normal	GLX		\nEnter the Ship	U	rare	Instant	58	U	1UU	For each card type among permanents you control, you may warp up to one target permanent of that type. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nAssassin's Vessel	B	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	89	B	1BB	Flying, deathtouchNEWLINEWhenever a creature dealt damage by Assassin’s Vessel this turn dies, its controller loses life equal to its mana value.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GLX		\nBlast of Exitinction	B	rare	Instant	91	B	2BB	Destroy X target creatures, where X is the amount of mana produced by Stars to cast this spell plus 1.			normal	GLX		\nInsignifigance	B	rare	Enchantment – Aura 	103	B	1BB	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is the highest mana value among permanents you control.NEWLINEWhenever a permanent you control enters the battlefield, if it has the highest mana value among permanents cards in graveyards and permanents on the battlefield, return Insignifigance from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GLX		\nInnerbase Salvager	B	rare	Creature – Human Artificer 	102	B	2B	Whenever a colorless creature you control dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nRaider's Vessel	R	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	145	R	RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhen Raider’s Vessel attacks, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.NEWLINECrew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nSwarm the Enemy	R	rare	Enchantment	149	R	3R	Creatures you control have haste.NEWLINEEach Vehicle you control is a creature in addition to its other types.			normal	GLX		\nHigh Ursurper Null	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Warrior 	100	B	1B	High Ursurper Null is colorless.NEWLINEDeathtouchNEWLINEAs long as you control three or more colorless nonland permanents, High Ursurper Null has first strike.NEWLINEWhenever another colorless nonland permanent you control leaves the battlefield, each player loses 1 life.	3/1		normal	GLX		\nMeteor Dragon	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	142	R	4RR	FlyingNEWLINELandfall– Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Meteor Dragon deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINEWhenever Meteor Dragon attacks, you may warp any number of untapped lands you control. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)	5/5		normal	GLX		\nBiome Eater	R	rare	Creature – Dragon 	123	R	5RR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever a land you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Biome Eater.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, you may sacrifice all lands you control.	6/6		normal	GLX		\nWonder of the Skypod	R	rare	Sorcery	154	R	1R	Exile the top card of your library. If it’s a nonland card, you may cast it this turn. If it’s a land card, you may pay 1. If you do, put it onto the battlefield tapped and repeat this process.			normal	GLX		\nMiner's Vessel	G	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	176	G	4GG	TrampleNEWLINELandfall–Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Miner’s Vessel becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.NEWLINECrew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	10/10		normal	GLX		\nMegapede	G	rare	Creature – Insect 	175	G	2GG	TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Megapede deals combat damage to a player, search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.	4/3		normal	GLX		\nSpaceshift	G	rare	Sorcery	182	G	2GG	Choose one–NEWLINE• Exile all lands you control, then return them to the battlefield tapped under their owners’ control.NEWLINE• Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	GLX		\nIntraplanar Map	G	rare	Enchantment Artifact	170	G	1G	G, T, Sacrifice a land: Search your library for a land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.			normal	GLX		\nStellar Grounds	G	rare	Enchantment	186	G	1G	Lands you control are enchantments in addition to their other types.NEWLINEConstellation–Whenever Stellar Grounds or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.			normal	GLX		\nMajesty of Starlight	G	rare	Enchantment	172	G	3G	Constellation–Whenever Majesty of Starlight or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, draw a card.NEWLINE3C: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”			normal	GLX		\nDestiny, Nebula Child	WG	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – Human 	193	WG	1GW	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINEConstellation–Whenever Destiny, Nebula Child or another enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay C. If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. You may reveal a permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nProphet of the Eclipse	WB	rare	Creature – Human Cleric 	200	WB	WB	At the beginning of each end step, if three or more colorless permanents of the same type entered the battlefield under your control this turn, you may exile target nonland permanent. (Lands are colorless.)	2/2		normal	GLX		\nRaven, Starfleet Captain	UR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Pilot 	201	UBR	2UR	HasteNEWLINEArtifacts you control have haste.NEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle enters the battlefield under your control, it becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.NEWLINE1B, T: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	GLX		\nCaged Sun		rare	Artifact	213	C	6	As Caged Sun enters the battlefield, choose a color. (Colorless is not a color.)NEWLINECreatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever a land’s ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add one additional mana of that color.			normal	GLX		\nThe Hoverbase		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	217	C	5	FlyingNEWLINEWhen The Hoverbase attacks, you may warp target permanent you control. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)NEWLINEWhenever another nontoken creature you control leaves the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Human Scout creature token.NEWLINECrew 2NEWLINEThe Hoverbase can be your commander.	1/5		normal	GLX		\nHyperdrive Gate		rare	Artifact	218	C	3	1, T: You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.NEWLINE6, T: You may put a nonland permanent card that’s one or fewer colors from your hand onto the battlefield. When that permanent enters the battlefield, warp it. (Exile it. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.)			normal	GLX		\nWastescape Walker		rare	Artifact Creature – Construct 	230	C	3	When Wastescape Walker enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Construct artifact creature token.NEWLINEArtifact tokens are colorless Construct creatures in addition to their other types with base power and toughness 2/2.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nCollision Course		rare	Sorcery	2	C	3CC	Destroy all creatures.			normal	GLX		\nThe Hedron Project		rare	Legendary Enchantment	5	C	2C	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.”NEWLINESacrifice two artifacts named Hedron: Remove all counters from target permanent.			normal	GLX		\nStudied Subject		rare	Creature – Horror 	12	C	C	Vigilance, trample, menaceNEWLINEStudied Subject can’t attack or block unless it has seven or more research counters on it.NEWLINEC: Put a research counter on Studied Subject.	5/5		normal	GLX		\nMinxx, Subreal Voyager		rare	Legendary Creature – Human Scout 	8	C	CCCC	Whenever another effect causes you to add C, add an additional C.	2/2		normal	GLX		\nRaider Flagship Titan		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	223	C	6	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Raider Flagship Titan attacks, destroy target creature.NEWLINECrew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/6		normal	GLX		\nKylixid, Hedron Warden		mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Kylixid 	7	C	2CC			[+2]: Create a colorless artifact token named Hedron with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C. If that mana is spent to cast a spell, that spell can’t be countered.” NEWLINE[+1]: Until your next turn, creatures with power less than or equal to the number of artifacts you control can’t attack planeswalkers you control.NEWLINE[-10]: You get an emblem with “If you would lose unspent mana, that mana becomes colorless instead.” Then, add C for each artifact, creature, and land you control.	planeswalker	GLX	4	\nEmma, the Traveler	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Emma 	194	UB	2UB			UB: You may play a card from outside the game this turn. Activate only once each turn.NEWLINE[+1]: Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.NEWLINE[-X]: You may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value X from your graveyard this turn. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (You still pay its costs.)NEWLINE[-6]: Shuffle all creatures into their owners’ libraries. Shuffle your graveyard into your library.	planeswalker	GLX	4	\nSamut, Planar Refugee	RG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Samut 	202	RG	1RG			[+1]: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a creature or land card you may put it onto the battlefield, then return it to your hand.NEWLINE[-2]: Samut, Planar Refugee deals 2 damage to any target. Creatures dealt damage this way can’t block this turn.NEWLINE[-5]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.”	planeswalker	GLX	3	\nThe Skyswimmer	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Whale 	203	WUBRG	C/WC/UC/BC/RC/G	(C/W can be paid with either C or W.)NEWLINEThe Skyswimmer is colorless.NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhenever you cast a colorless spell, you gain 1 life for each type of mana spent to cast it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, you may return to your hand target colorless card in your graveyard with mana vales less than or equal to the number of colorless nonland permanents you control.	5/5		normal	GLX		\nExtinction Cannon		mythic	Legendary Artifact	214	C	3	Sacrifice an enchantment: Put a charge counter on Extinction Cannon.NEWLINET: Create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINET, Remove five charge counters from Extinction Cannon: Destroy target land.NEWLINET, Remove X charge counters from Extinction Cannon: Extinction Cannon deals X damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	GLX		\nEon Voyage	U	mythic	Sorcery	59	U	3UUU	Warp each permanent you control. (Exile them. Return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.)NEWLINETake an extra turn after this one.NEWLINEExile Eon Voyage.			normal	GLX		\nDesolation Prophet	B	mythic	Creature – Human Cleric 	94	B	1B	When Desolation Prophet enters the battlefield, create a white Star enchantment token with “Sacrifice this enchantment: Add C.”NEWLINEStars you control lose all colors and are creatures with base power and toughness 1/1 in addition to their other types.	1/1		normal	GLX		\nLeeroy, Top Captain	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Pilot 	139	R	3RR	HasteNEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle you control becomes crewed, you may have that Vehicle’s base power become equal to the total power of creatures crewing it and its base toughness become equal to the total to toughness of creatures crewing it.	6/3		normal	GLX		\nCosmic Leveler	G	mythic	Creature – Wurm Mutant 	163	G	G	When Cosmic Leveler enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice six colorless permanents. (Lands are colorless.)NEWLINETrample	12/12		normal	GLX		\nUnleashed Flourishing	G	mythic	Sorcery	189	G	GG	Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle. Then if the number of lands you control is greater than or equal to half the minimum deck size rounded up, you win the game.			normal	GLX		\nThe Craterhub		mythic	Legendary Land	236	R		T: Add C.NEWLINET, Sacrifice another land: Add R for each 1 life your opponents have lost this turn.			normal	GLX		\nStreet Creeper	WU	uncommon	Creature – Spirit 	231	WU	1WU	1, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.NEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature haunted by Street Creeper attacks, draw a card.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nIndulgent Extractor	WB	uncommon	Creature – Vampire 	218	WB	2WB	LifelinkNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, you may have each opponent lose that much life. Do this only once each turn.	2/4		normal	UMB		\nRabblegang	WR	uncommon	Creature – Human Berserker 	228	WR	RW	HasteNEWLINERabblegang gets +1/+0 for each other creature you control.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Rabblegang: Rabblegang deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nEversummer Exemplar	WG	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	215	WG	GW	VigilanceNEWLINEMentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	3/2		normal	UMB		\nShambling Legion	UB	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	229	UB	2UB	When Shambling Legion enters the battlefield, mill two cards and create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.NEWLINET, Sacrifice a creature: Choose target card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn. Spells cast this way gain “If this card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.” (You still pay its costs. Timing rules still apply.)	2/2		normal	UMB		\nCatalyst Specialist	UR	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	211	UR	1UR	When Catalyst Specialist enters the battlefield, you may draw two cards. If you do, discard two cards.NEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Catalyst Specialist.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nJack of Lanterns	BR	uncommon	Creature – Plant 	220	BR	1BR	When Jack of Lanterns enters the battlefield, put a lifelink, menace, or trample counter on it.NEWLINEWhenever Jack of Lanterns attacks, another target creature you control gains each of Jack of Lanterns’s other abilities until end of turn.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nBloodglutton Spider	BG	uncommon	Creature – Spider 	209	BG	2BG	ReachNEWLINET: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.NEWLINEOther creatures you control with reach have “T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”	2/4		normal	UMB		\nNeverending Pack	RG	uncommon	Creature – Wolf 	225	RG	2RG	2RG: Choose one–NEWLINE• Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.NEWLINE• You may discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nBranchweft Crow	UG	uncommon	Creature – Elemental Bird Mutant 	210	UG	1GU	Ward 2NEWLINEBranchweft Crow enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters and a flying counter on it.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		\nAuthoritative Accuser	W	common	Creature – Human Berserker 	1	W	W	Whenever Authoritative Accuser attacks, other attacking Berserkers you control get +1/+0.	1/2		normal	UMB		\nSophisticated Host	W	common	Creature – Vampire 	39	W	W	Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nPopular Leader	W	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	30	W	1W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more creatures with counters on them, transform Popular Leader.	2/1		transform double faced	UMB		Personality of the Cult	W	Creature – Human Cleric 	W		VigilanceNEWLINEMentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINECreatures you control with counters on them have vigilance.	3/2			\nLoyal Enforcer	W	common	Creature – Spirit 	23	W	1W	2, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Loyal Enforcer. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control dies, you may tap or untap a creature haunted by Loyal Enforcer.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nReveling Changeling	W	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	33	W	1W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINE1, Sacrifice Reveling Changeling: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nIrregular Cohort	W	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	21	W	2WW	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Irregular Cohort enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nInciting Individual	W	common	Creature – Human Berserker 	19	W	2W	When Inciting Individual enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token.NEWLINEWhenever Inciting Individual and at least two other creatures attack, transform it.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Righteous Riot	W	Creature – Human Berserker 	W		As long as it’s your turn, Righteous Riot has first strike.NEWLINERighteous Riot’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.	*/*			\nPatron of the Living	W	common	Creature – Vampre Knight Mercenary 	29	W	2W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhen Patron of the Living enters the battlefield, target Vampire you control gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	UMB		\nInspirational Captain	W	common	Creature – Human Soldier 	20	W	3W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)	4/3		normal	UMB		\nSerene Apparition	W	common	Creature – Spirit 	38	W	3W	Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINECreatures you don’t control haunted by Serene Apparition can’t attack.	2/4		normal	UMB		\nHungering Guardian	W	common	Creature – Vampire Berserker 	14	W	4W	Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Hungering Guardian.NEWLINESacrifice a creature: You gain 2 life. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nTomb Whisperer	W	common	Creature – Human Cleric 	40	W	5W	When Tomb Whisperer enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.NEWLINEWhenever a nontoken creature you control with a counter on it dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	4/3		normal	UMB		\nUnfinished Business	W	common	Kindred Instant – Spirit 	41	W	1W	Unfinished Business deals damage to target attacking or blocking creature equal to the number of creature cards you own in exile plus the number of creatures you control. If you control a Spirit, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nHold at the Stake	W	common	Kindred Enchantment – Human Aura 	12	W	1WW	Enchant nonland permanentNEWLINEWhen Hold at the Stake enters the battlefield, if you control another Human, draw a card.NEWLINEEnchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated.			normal	UMB		\nCrib Swap	W	common	Kindred Instant – Shapeshifter 	3	W	2W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEExile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.			normal	UMB		\nHomestead Courage	W	common	Sorcery	13	W	W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains vigilance until end of turn.NEWLINEFlashback W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nSanguine Hospitality	W	common	Kindred Enchantment – Vampire Aura 	36	W	2W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1, has lifelink, and is a Vampire in addition to its other types.NEWLINEWhen Sanguine Hospitality enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.			normal	UMB		\nIncite Riot	W	common	Kindred Sorcery – Berserker 	18	W	2WW	Choose one–NEWLINE• Create three 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.			normal	UMB		\nSecrets of the Restless	W	common	Sorcery	37	W	1W	Exile the top two cards of your library face down and look at them. For as long as each of those cards remains exiled, if you would draw a card, you may instead put that card into your hand.NEWLINEFlashback 3W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nVictim of Experimentation	U	common	Creature – Mutant Spirit 	83	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEVictim of Experimentation enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		\nFickle Figment	U	common	Creature – Spirit Wizard 	51	U	1U	FlyingNEWLINEProwess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	1/1		normal	UMB		\nTomb Keeper	U	common	Creature – Zombie Homunculus 	81	U	1U	U, Sacrifice a creature: Any number of target players each mill two cards.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nRecurring Haunting	U	common	Kindred Sorcery – Spirit 	71	U	2U	Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINEFlashback–1U, Sacrifice a Spirit. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nFirst Subject	U	common	Creature – Mutant 	52	U	2U	First Subject enters the battlefield with a vigilance counter and a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if First Subject has no counters on it, transform it.	1/2		transform double faced	UMB		Iterated Experiment	U	Creature – Mutant 	U		Vigilance, ward 2NEWLINEWhenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Iterated Experiment.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/2			\nNovice Researcher	U	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	68	U	3U	When Novice Researcher enters the battlefield, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.NEWLINE2UU: Transform Novice Researcher. Activate only as a sorcery and only if there are three or more instant and/or sorcery cards in your graveyard.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Seasoned Experimenter	U	Creature – Wizard 	U		When this creature transforms into Seasoned Experimenter, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEProwess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	3/3			\nFlaying Zombie	U	common	Creature – Zombie Mutant 	53	U	3U	Flaying Zombie enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEU, Remove a counter from Flaying Zombie: Target player mills two cards.NEWLINE1U, Remove three counters from Flaying Zombie: Draw a card.	0/0		normal	UMB		\nSoul of the Monster	U	common	Creature – Spirit 	76	U	4U	FlyingNEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEWhen Soul of the Monster or the creature it haunts dies, create a 2/2 green and blue Mutant creature token.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nEra-Worn Zombie	U	common	Creature – Zombie Wizard 	49	U	5U	Era-Worn Zombie enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINE3U, Exile a noncreature card from your graveyard: Return Era-Worn Zombie from your graveyard to your hand.	5/4		normal	UMB		\nMindmister	U	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	63	U	2U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINET: Target player mills two cards.	0/4		normal	UMB		\nIncomprehensible Mass	U	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	61	U	3UU	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWard 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	4/5		normal	UMB		\nStrip Identity	U	common	Kindred Enchantment – Shapeshifter Aura 	78	U	3U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Strip Identity enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.NEWLINEEnchanted creature loses all creature types and doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	UMB		\nDissect	U	common	Sorcery	45	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 2.NEWLINEDraw two cards.			normal	UMB		\nOtherworldly Gaze	U	common	Instant	69	U	U	Surveil 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)NEWLINEFlashback 1U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nSilent Departure	U	common	Sorcery	74	U	U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEFlashback 4U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nPlasmform	U	common	Kindred Instant – Mutant 	70	U	1U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. It gains hexproof until end of turn. If you control a Mutant, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nStream of Unconsciousness	U	common	Kindred Instant – Wizard 	77	U	U	Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn. If you control a Wizard, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nTrespass the Tomb	U	common	Kindred Sorcery – Zombie 	82	U	1U	Any number of target players each mill three cards. If a creature card was milled this way, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.			normal	UMB		\nCryptspinner	B	common	Creature – Zombie Spider 	93	B	B	ReachNEWLINE3B: Return Cryptspinner from your graveyard to your hand.	1/2		normal	UMB		\nThirsty Neonate	B	common	Creature – Vampire 	119	B	1B	LifelinkNEWLINE1, T: Thirsty Neonate deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	1/2		normal	UMB		\nManyfaced Monstrosity	B	common	Creature – Plant Horror 	104	B	1B	Manyfaced Monstrosity enters the battlefield with your choice of a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it.	2/1		normal	UMB		\nSanity Stealer	B	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	116	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Sanity Stealer enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, each opponent discards a card.	3/2		normal	UMB		\nLone Crawler	B	common	Creature – Zombie 	103	B	2B	When Lone Crawler enters the battlefield, mill two cards.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if there are three or more creature cards in your graveyard, transform Lone Crawler.	2/2		transform double faced	UMB		Crawling Horde	B	Creature – Zombie 	B		Crawling Horde gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	2/2			\nVenemous Ambush	B	common	Kindred Sorcery – Spider 	122	B	2B	Create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach. Then, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Spiders you control.			normal	UMB		\nHungering Vampire	B	common	Creature – Vampire 	101	B	3B	LifelinkNEWLINEWhenever Hungering Vampire attacks, you may pay 6 life. If you do, transform it.	3/2		transform double faced	UMB		Starving Bloodmonger	B	Creature – Vampire 	B		Flying, lifelink	3/2			\nPattern Carver	B	common	Creature – Plant 	111	B	3B	When Pattern Carver enters the battlefield, put a menace counter on another target Plant you control.NEWLINEWhenever another Plant creature you control dies, for each kind of counter that Plant put a counter of that kind on Pattern Carver.	4/3		normal	UMB		\nInfested Zombie	B	common	Creature – Zombie 	102	B	4B	3B, Exile Infested Zombie from your graveyard: Create two 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/5		normal	UMB		\nDecadent Decorator	B	common	Creature – Vampire 	94	B	5B	When Decadent Decorator enters the battlefield, create a 2/1 red Plant creature token, then you may put a lifelink counter on a creature you control with power 2 or less.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nWither Away	B	common	Sorcery	125	B	2BB	Destroy target creature, then exile a card from its controller’s graveyard.			normal	UMB		\nGo for the Neck	B	common	Kindred Sorcery – Vampire 	95	B	2B	Go for the Neck deals 2 damage to any target. You gain 2 life. If you control a Vampire, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nBody Modifier	B	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	86	B	4B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Body Modifier enters the battlefield, choose one–NEWLINE• Put a reach counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put a menace counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nCrippling Condition	B	common	Sorcery	92	B	2B	Destroy target creature with power 3 or less.NEWLINEFlashback 5B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nTibalt's Proposition	B	common	Sorcery	120	B	2B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.NEWLINEFlashback–2B, Pay 2 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nReturn from Extinction	B	common	Sorcery	113	B	1B	Choose one –NEWLINE• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Return two target creature cards that share a creature type from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	UMB		\nCarve	B	common	Kindred Sorcery – Plant 	88	B	1B	Choose one–NEWLINE• Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.NEWLINE• Create a 2/1 red Plant creature token.NEWLINE• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature you control, then you gain life equal to the number of counters on that creature.			normal	UMB		\nBitter Legacy	B	common	Kindred Instant – Shapeshifter 	85	B	1B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEUntil end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0, gains all creature types, and gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	UMB		\nClaw Out	B	common	Kindred Sorcery – Zombie 	91	B	3BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Then if you control a Zombie, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nLantern Lighter	R	common	Creature – Plant Wizard 	146	R	R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, choose a kind of counter that Lantern Lighter doesn’t have on it from among first strike, menace, trample, and +1/+1. Put a counter on that kind on Lantern Lighter.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nFiery Pup	R	common	Creature – Wolf 	134	R	1R	Fiery Pup gets +1/+0 for each other permanent you control that’s a Wolf or a Werewolf.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nMartyr for the Mob	R	common	Creature – Human 	151	R	1R	When Martyr for the Mob dies, create two 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nWrithing Fury	R	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	166	R	1R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEProwess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	2/1		normal	UMB		\nExperiment Overseer	R	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	132	R	2R	Whenever Experiment Overseer or another Wizard enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	3/2		normal	UMB		\nFlesh Shaper	R	common	Creature – Plant Wolf 	136	R	2R	3R: Put your choice of a trample counter or a menace counter on target creature.	2/3		normal	UMB		\nBrazen Rescuer	R	common	Creature – Human Werewolf 	128	R	3R	HasteNEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Brazen Rescuer.	4/3		transform double faced	UMB		Brazen Tyrant	R	Creature – Werewolf 	R		TrampleNEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Brazen Tyrant.	6/5			\nEmberwild Accusers	R	common	Creature – Human Berserker 	131	R	3R	R, Sacrifice a creature: Emberwild Accusers deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.	3/4		normal	UMB		\nGruesome Gang	R	common	Creature – Human Wizard 	141	R	4R	When Gruesome Gang enters the battlefield, create two 2/1 red Plant creature tokens.	2/1		normal	UMB		\nFrenzied Villager	R	common	Creature – Human Berserker Werewolf 	138	R	5R	Whenever Frenzied Villager attacks, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Frenzied Villager.	4/4		transform double faced	UMB		Frenzied Werewolf	R	Creature – Werewolf Berserker 	R		Whenever Frenzied Werewolf attacks, creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Frenzied Werewolf.	5/5			\nFirebolt	R	common	Sorcery	135	R	R	Firebolt deals 2 damage to any target.NEWLINEFlashback 4R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nMake a Scene	R	common	Instant	150	R	2R	Choose one–NEWLINE• Make a Scene deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the number of creatures you control.NEWLINE• Make a Scene deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	UMB		\nRadicalize	R	common	Kindred Sorcery – Berserker 	157	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Then if you control a Berserker, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nFreak Show	R	common	Kindred Instant – Shapeshifter 	137	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEUntil end of turn, creatures you control get +2/+0 and gain all creature types.			normal	UMB		\nSanity Extraction	R	common	Kindred Sorcery – Wizard 	158	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.NEWLINEDraw two cards. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, create a 1/1 blue and red Wizard creature token.NEWLINEFlashback 3R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nLunar Pull	R	common	Kindred Enchantment – Werewolf Aura 	148	R	1R	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+0.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature dies, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.			normal	UMB		\nInner Blaze	R	common	Kindred Instant – Plant 	143	R	R	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Put a trample counter on it. If you control a Plant, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nAbandon the Post	R	common	Sorcery	126	R	1R	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.NEWLINEFlashback 3R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nNameless Monster	R	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	154	R	3R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Nameless Monster enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain menace until end of turn.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nNaive Traveler	G	common	Creature – Human Werewolf 	188	G	G	Lycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Naive Traveler.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Scourge of the Path	G	Creature – Werewolf 	G		TrampleNEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Scourge of the Path.	3/2			\nDeadly Recluse	G	common	Creature – Spider 	175	G	1G	Reach, deathtouch	1/2		normal	UMB		\nUnveil the Abnormal	G	common	Kindred Sorcery – Mutant 	201	G	1G	Create a 2/2 green and blue Mutant creature token, then you may move any number of counters from other permanents you control onto that token.			normal	UMB		\nMultieyed Monstrosity	G	common	Creature – Spider Mutant 	187	G	3G	Multieyed Monstrosity enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters and a reach counter on it.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/2		normal	UMB		\nBounding Wolf	G	common	Creature – Wolf 	172	G	2G	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)NEWLINEReach	3/2		normal	UMB		\nBrambleskin	G	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	173	G	2G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Brambleskin enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nLegacy Forger	G	common	Creature – Human 	183	G	2G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINELegacy Forger has haste as long as you control another human.	3/2		normal	UMB		\nUnnatural Nature	G	common	Creature – Shapeshifter 	200	G	2GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINETrample	4/4		normal	UMB		\nExpert Survivalist	G	common	Creature – Human Werewolf 	179	G	4G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Expert Survivalist and transform it.	4/3		transform double faced	UMB		Seasoned Hunter	G	Creature – Werewolf 	G		Each creature you control with a counter on it has trample.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Seasoned Hunter.	4/3			\nLongleg Broodmother	G	common	Creature – Spider 	184	G	5G	Vigilance, reachNEWLINEOther creatures you control with reach have vigilance.	3/6		normal	UMB		\nGorehusk	G	common	Creature – Mutant Beast 	180	G	4GG	When Gorehusk enters the battlefield, distribute a +1/+1 counter and a trample counter among one or two target Mutant creatures.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	5/5		normal	UMB		\nTake Prey	G	common	Sorcery	195	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power or equal to its toughness, whichever is greater, to target creature you don’t control.			normal	UMB		\nPull of the Moon	G	common	Kindred Instant – Werewolf 	190	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. If you control a Wolf or Werewolf, you may draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nOveradapt	G	common	Sorcery	189	G	2G	Choose two–NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put a reach counter on target creature.NEWLINE• Put a deathtouch counter on target creature.NEWLINEFlashback 3G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nTapping at the Window	G	common	Sorcery	196	G	1G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINEFlashback 2G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nWebweave	G	common	Kindred Enchantment – Spider Aura 	205	G	1G	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Webweave enters the battlefield, if you control another Spider, draw a card.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has reach.			normal	UMB		\nThousandform	G	common	Kindred Enchantment – Shapeshifter Aura 	198	G	G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and is every creature type.			normal	UMB		\nSettle the Homestead	G	common	Kindred Enchantment – Human Aura 	193	G	2G	Enchant landNEWLINEEnchanted land has “T: Add two mana of any one color.”NEWLINE4G, Sacrifice Settle the Homestead: Create two 1/1 white Human Soldier creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	UMB		\nReturn to Nature	G	common	Instant	192	G	1G	Choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target artifact.NEWLINE• Destroy target enchantment.NEWLINE• Exile target card from a graveyard.			normal	UMB		\nUniversal Automaton		common	Artifact Creature – Shapeshifter 	246	C	1	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)	1/1		normal	UMB		\nScuttlemutt		common	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	242	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET: Target creature becomes the color or colors of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nSurrogate Farmhand		common	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	245	C	5	2: Surrogate Farmhand gains your choice of vigilance, reach, or trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nClever Costuming		common	Artifact – Equipment 	235	C	1	Equipped creature gets +0/+1, has ward 1, and is every creature type. (Whenever equipped creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	UMB		\nGravedigger's Amulet		common	Artifact – Treasure 	238	C	2	When Gravedigger’s Amulet enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Gravedigger’s Amulet: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Gravedigger’s Amulet: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand			normal	UMB		\nSilver Bolt		common	Artifact	243	C	1	3, T, Sacrifice Silver Bolt: It deals 3 damage to target creature. If a Werewolf is dealt damage this way, destroy it.			normal	UMB		\nImaginary Friend	W	uncommon	Creature – Spirit 	16	W	W	Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINECreatures you control haunted by Imaginary Friend get +2/+1.	2/1		normal	UMB		\nImperiled Villager	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	17	W	1W	Whenever a counter is put on Imperiled Villager, it gains indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINEWhenever Imperiled Villager blocks or becomes blocked, transform it at the end of combat.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Fiendhunter Coalition	W	Creature – Human Warrior 	W		Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINEWhenever a counter is put on a creature you control, you may exile target creature until Fiendhunter Coalition leaves the battlefield. This ability triggers only once each turn.	3/3			\nRiot Harbinger	W	uncommon	Creature – Berserker 	34	W	1W	First strikeNEWLINEWhen Riot Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Berserker card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nEthereal Procession	W	uncommon	Creature – Spirit 	5	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEOther Spirit creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature haunted by Ethereal Procession attacks, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nGala Harbinger	W	uncommon	Creature – Vampire 	9	W	3W	LifelinkNEWLINEWhen Gala Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Vampire card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/3		normal	UMB		\nEversummer Coalition	W	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	6	W	4W	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINEOther Human creatures you control get +1/+1.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nMartyr's Curse	W	uncommon	Enchantment	26	W	2W	Sacrifice a creature: The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to any target this turn, prevent that damage.			normal	UMB		\nFrightveil	W	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	8	W	2W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Frightveil enters the battlefield, for each player, you may exile a card from that player’s graveyard.NEWLINEFrightveil gets +1/+1 for each card you own in exile.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nOutcast	W	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery – Berserker 	28	W	W	Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value less than or equal to the number of creatures you control.			normal	UMB		\nExorcism	W	uncommon	Instant	7	WU	2W	Exile target creature you control, then you may put a creature card you own with mana value less than or equal to the exiled creature’s mana value from exile onto the battlefield under your control.NEWLINEFlashback 4U (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nRise from the Coffin	W	uncommon	Sorcery	35	WB	2W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. You gain X life, where X is 3 minus that creature’s mana value.NEWLINEFlashback 4B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nHorde Harbinger	U	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	60	U	1U	Horde Harbinger enters the battlefield tapped.NEWLINEWhen Horde Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Zombie card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nApex Monstrosity	U	uncommon	Creature – Mutant 	44	U	2U	Apex Monstrosity enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEOther Mutant creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/1		normal	UMB		\nHaunt Harbinger	U	uncommon	Creature – Spirit 	59	U	3U	When Haunt Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Spirit card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.NEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEPrevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by creatures haunted by Haunt Harbinger.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nEssence of the Uncanny	U	uncommon	Creature – Mutant Ooze 	50	U	4U	Essence of the Uncanny enters the battlefield with a hexproof counter on it.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	3/4		normal	UMB		\nSeasoned Experimenter	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	73	U	3U	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINEOther Wizard creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nDreamweft Changeling	U	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	47	U	2U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Dreamweft Changeling enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.NEWLINEWhenever a spell or ability you control causes an opponent to mill one or more cards, you may exile a nonland card milled this way. Until your next end step, you may cast the exiled card and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nGenome Study	U	uncommon	Sorcery	56	U	2UU	Choose a creature type. Draw a card for each permanent you control of that type.NEWLINEFlashback 6UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nSupernatural Intervention	U	uncommon	Kindred Instant – Spirit 	79	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 1U.NEWLINECounter target spell.			normal	UMB		\nMultimutate	U	uncommon	Sorcery	64	UG	U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control, then you may  move any number of counters from among creatures you control onto that creature.NEWLINEFlashback 3G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nForbidden Alchemy	U	uncommon	Instant	54	UB	2U	Look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.NEWLINEFlashback 6B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nHelpless Victim	B	uncommon	Creature – Human 	99	B	B	At the beginning of your upkeep, mill three cards. For each creature card milled this way, Helpless Victim gets -1/-1 until end of turn.NEWLINEBB: Put Helpless Victim from your graveyard onto the battlefield tapped and transformed.	3/2		transform double faced	UMB		Growing Horde	B	Creature – Zombie 	B		When Growing Horde enters the battlefield, you may pay X and exile X creature cards from your graveyard. If you do, create X tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.NEWLINEIf Growing Horde would leave the battlefield, exile it instead.	2/2			\nNoble Suitor	B	uncommon	Creature – Vampire Noble 	108	B	2B	LifelinkNEWLINET: Noble Suitor deals 1 damage to another target creature. That creature becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types.NEWLINET, Exile target Vampire you control: Transform Noble Suitor.	1/3		transform double faced	UMB		Bloodthirsty Beloveds	B	Creature – Vampire Noble 	B		Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEBloodthirsty Beloveds gets +X/+Y, where X is the total power of creature cards exiled with it and Y is the total toughness of creature cards exiled with it.NEWLINEBloodthirsty Beloveds has all abilities of creature cards exiled with it.	1/3			\nPatch Harbinger	B	uncommon	Creature – Plant 	110	B	1B	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Patch Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Plant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nCeaseless Crawler	B	uncommon	Creature – Zombie 	90	B	3B	Other Zombie creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE3B, Exile three other cards from your graveyard: Return Ceaseless Crawler from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nWebspinner Harbinger	B	uncommon	Creature – Spider 	124	B	4B	ReachNEWLINEWhen Webspinner Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Spider card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/5		normal	UMB		\nGraveshifter	B	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	96	B	3B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Graveshifter enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nHemohone	B	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	100	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEHemohone enters the battlefield with your choice of a deathtouch counter or a lifelink counter on it.NEWLINEAs long as Hemohone has deathtouch, other creatures you control with deathtouch get +1/+1. NEWLINEAs long as Hemohone has lifelink, other creatures you control with lifelink get +1/+1.	2/3		normal	UMB		\nSpindly Demise	B	uncommon	Kindred Instant – Spider 	118	B	5B	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is the greatest toughness among creatures you control.NEWLINEDestroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	UMB		\nCadaver Stitching	B	uncommon	Enchantment	87	B	1B	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)NEWLINE3B, Sacrifice Cadaver Stitching: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	UMB		\nHarvest	B	uncommon	Kindred Sorcery – Plant 	98	B	2B	Each player sacrifices a creature, then you create a 2/1 red Plant creature token. If a creature sacrificed this way had flying, put a flying counter on that token. Repeat this process for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.			normal	UMB		\nMark of Mutilation	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	BR	B	Mark of Mutilation deals 1 damage to any target. When damage is dealt to a creature this way, put a +1/+1 counter and a menace counter on that creature.NEWLINEFlashback 2R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nNewborn Hunter	R	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	155	R	R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEDouble strikeNEWLINE1R: Newborn Hunter gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	0/1		normal	UMB		\nGlimmer Harvester	R	uncommon	Creature – Plant 	140	R	1R	2R: Choose a kind of counter on another target creature you control that Glimmer Harvester doesn’t have on it. Put a counter of that kind on Glimmer Harvester.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if there are three or more kinds of counters on Glimmer Harvester, you may transform it.	2/1		transform double faced	UMB		Glimmering Reaper	R	Creature – Plant 	R		Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if Glimmering Reaper has any counters on it, choose a kind of counter on Glimmering Reaper and put a counter of that kind on that creature.	2/1			\nLaboratory Harbinger	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	145	R	2R	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINEWhen Laboratory Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Wizard card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nMoonpack Harbinger	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Werewolf 	153	R	4R	When Moonpack Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Wolf or Werewolf card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Harbinger.	4/4		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpackpack Hunter	R	Creature – Werewolf 	R		TrampleNEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpackpack Hunter.	6/6			\nKing of the Patch	R	uncommon	Creature – Plant Noble 	144	R	3R	Other Plant creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINER, T: Put your choice of a menace counter or a trample counter on target Plant you control.	3/4		normal	UMB		\nSpirit of Anarchy	R	uncommon	Creature – Human Berserker 	160	R	3R	Other Berserker creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE3R: Create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token. That creature gains haste until end of turn.	4/2		normal	UMB		\nLavaformed Monster	R	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	147	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, Lavaformed Monster deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nCarved Up	R	uncommon	Instant	129	R	2R	Put your choice of a first strike counter, a menace counter, or a trample counter on target creature you control. Then if that creature has first strike, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn. The same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, and vigilance.			normal	UMB		\nLunar Rage	R	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Werewolf 	149	R	R	At the beginning of your end step, if you didn’t cast a spell this turn, put a howl counter on Lunar Rage.NEWLINER: Lunar Rage deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of howl counters on it. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.NEWLINE3R, Sacrifice Lunar Rage: It deals damage to each of up to two target creatures and/or planeswalkers equal to the number of howl counters on it.			normal	UMB		\nTerror in the Streets	R	uncommon	Sorcery	161	WR	4R	Creatures you control gain double strike until end of turn.NEWLINEFlashback 7W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nPower Up	R	uncommon	Sorcery	156	UR	RR	When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.NEWLINEFlashback 2UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nExemplar Arachnid	G	uncommon	Creature – Spider 	178	G	3G	ReachNEWLINEOther Spider creatures you control get +1/+1.	2/4		normal	UMB		\nAdopted Packmate	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Werewolf 	168	G	1G	Each other creature you control that’s a Werewolf or a Wolf gets +1/+1.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Adopted Packmate.	2/2		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpack Alpha	G	Creature – Werewolf 	G		Each other creature you control that’s a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +2/+1.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Alpha.	3/3			\nEversummer Harbinger	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Soldier 	177	G	2G	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINEWhen Eversummer Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Human card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	3/1		normal	UMB		\nMonstrosity Harbinger	G	uncommon	Creature – Mutant 	186	G	G	Monstrosity Harbinger enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Monstrosity Harbinger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Mutant card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	0/0		normal	UMB		\nActive Hunter	G	uncommon	Creature – Spider 	167	G	4G	ReachNEWLINEEach creature you control with reach assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	2/5		normal	UMB		\nHumble Outcast	G	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	181	G	4GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Humble Outcast enters the battlefield, distribute, a +1/+1 counter, a reach counter, a vigilance counter, and a trample counter among creatures you control.	4/4		normal	UMB		\nMarkmaker	G	uncommon	Creature – Human Werewolf 	185	G	3G	Whenever this creature enters the battlefield or transforms into Markmaker, put a +1/+1 counter on it.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Markmaker.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Moonpack Butcher	G	Creature – Werewolf 	G		Whenever this creature transforms into Moonpack Butcher, you may have it fight target non-Werewolf creature you don’t control.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Moonpack Butcher.	3/3			\nBlessweaver	G	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	171	G	2G	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen, Blessweaver enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment card from among them and put that card into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINEWhenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nLatent Growth	G	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Mutant 	182	G	1G	G: Move a counter from a creature you control onto Latent Growth. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this permanent onto another target creature you control.)NEWLINE1, Remove two counters from Latent Growth: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	UMB		\nRestore the Day	G	uncommon	Sorcery	191	WG	2G	Choose one or both –NEWLINE• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINE• Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEFlashback 6W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nThrill of the Kill	G	uncommon	Instant	199	RG	1G	Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.NEWLINEFlashback 5R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nMacabre Festivites	W	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Vampire 	24	W	2W	When Macabre Festivites enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Vampire creature token with lifelink.NEWLINEWhenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	UMB		\nRecurring Infestation	U	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Zombie 	72	U	3U	Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard or you activate an ability of a card in your graveyard, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	UMB		\nGrisly Sustenance	B	uncommon	Sorcery	97	BG	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINEYou gain life and draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature’s toughness.NEWLINEFlashback 5GG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nExplosion of Results	R	uncommon	Kindred Instant – Wizard 	133	R	1RR	Explosion of Results deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the total number of noncreature cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.NEWLINEFlashback 4RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nDecorated Valor	G	uncommon	Kindred Enchantment – Human Aura 	176	G	1G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhenever an Aura becomes attached to enchanted creature (including Decorated Valor), draw a card.NEWLINEWhenever one or more counters are put on enchanted creature, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nCollector of Souls	W	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	2	W	W	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWard 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINEWhenever another creature you control dies, you may note one of its creature types that hasn’t been noted for Collector of Souls. Then you may transform Collector of Souls.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Bearer of Souls	W	Creature – Shapeshifter 	W		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWard 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINEBearer of Souls gets +1/+1 for each creature type noted for it.	1/1			\nGlyph Seeker	U	uncommon	Creature – Shapeshifter 	58	U	1U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Glyph Seeker enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if there are ten or more cards in your graveyard, transform Glyph Seeker.	1/3		transform double faced	UMB		Awoken Arcane	U	Creature – Shapeshifter 	U		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEAwoken Arcane’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of noncreature cards you own in your graveyard and in exile.	*/*			\nMaster of the House	B	uncommon	Creature – Vampire 	106	B	4B	Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses 1 life.NEWLINEOther Vampire creatures you control get +1/+1.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nHeretic Warlord	R	uncommon	Creature – Berserker 	142	R	2R	Whenever an attacking nontoken creature you control dies, create two tapped 1/1 red Berserker creature tokens.	3/1		normal	UMB		\nAlpha Authority	G	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	169	G	1G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature has hexproof and can’t be blocked by more than one creature.			normal	UMB		\nHeap Doll		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	239	C	1	Sacrifice Heap Doll: Exile target card from a graveyard.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nBloodline Pretender		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Shapeshifter 	234	C	3	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEAs Bloodline Pretender enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.NEWLINEWhenever another creature of the chosen type enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodline Pretender.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nIneffective Scarecrow		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	240	C	5	Defender, reachNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent creates a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying named Storm Crow.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if an opponent controls three or more creatures with flying, you may transform Ineffective Scarecrow.	0/6		transform double faced	UMB		Nested Scarecrow		Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	C		Defender, reachNEWLINEWhen this creature transforms into Nested Scarecrow, gain control of all Bird tokens.NEWLINEBird creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINE4, T: Create a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying named Storm Crow.	0/6			\nBirthing Boughs		uncommon	Artifact	233	C	3	4, T: Create a 2/2 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling. (It has every creature type.)			normal	UMB		\nMelting Pot		uncommon	Kindred Artifact – Shapeshifter 	241	C	4	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, if it has one or more creature types, note one of those creature types that you haven’t noted for cards named Melting Pot. If you do, draw a card.			normal	UMB		\nKlaus, Eversummer Vanguard	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Soldier 	22	W	2W	Creatures you control with power less than Klaus, Eversummer Vanguard’s power have protection from each of your opponents. (They can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything controlled by those players.)	0/1		normal	UMB		\nWicker Effigy	W	rare	Artifact	42	W	1W	1W, T, Sacrifice a creature: Choose one. Activate only as a sorcery.NEWLINE• Create two Food tokens. (They’re artifacts with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)NEWLINE• Create two 1/1 white Human creature tokens.NEWLINE• Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.			normal	UMB		\nPossessed Stranger	W	rare	Creature – Human Citizen 	31	WB	W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, sacrifice another creature. If you do, Possessed Stranger becomes a 3/3 black Demon until end of turn and gains flying until end of turn. If you can’t, sacrifice Possessed Stranger.NEWLINEWhen Possessed Stranger dies, return it to the battlefield transformed under your control attached to target creature.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Demon Within	B	Enchantment – Aura 	WB		Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block. That creature’s controller may sacrifice a creature to ignore this effect until end of turn.NEWLINEEnchanted creature has base power and toughness 3/3 and has flying.				\nEnhancement Chamber	U	rare	Kindred Artifact – Mutant 	48	U	1U	Enhancement Chamber enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter, a flying counter, and a vigilance counter on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if a creature you control has six or more kinds of counters on it, you win the game.NEWLINEAmalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this permanent onto another target creature you control.)			normal	UMB		\nNemesis of Identities	U	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	67	U	3U	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEYou may have Nemesis of Identities enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it’s every creature type in addition to its other creature types.	0/0		normal	UMB		\nMystical Tutor	U	rare	Instant	65	U	U	Search your library for an instant or sorcery card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	UMB		\nRise of The Living Dead	B	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Zombie 	114	B	4BB	Return all creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Each of them is a 2/2 black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Exile Rise of The Living Dead.			normal	UMB		\nPrickett, Drowned Drowner	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Zombie 	227	UB	2UB	Whenever a player mills one or more cards for the first time during each of your turns, you create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.NEWLINEUB, Exile Prickett, Drowned Drowner from your graveyard: Return any number of other Zombie cards with total mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the number of Zombies you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nCast into Gloom	B	rare	Sorcery	89	B	2BB	Until end of turn, creatures have base power and toughness 0/0.			normal	UMB		\nNightmare Amalgam	B	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	107	B	2B	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhen Nightmare Amalgam enters the battlefield, put a menace counter on target creature. Then if there are ten or more cards in your graveyard, put a lifelink counter on that creature. Then if there are twenty or more cards in your graveyard, put a deathtouch counter on that creature. Then if there are thirty or more cards in your graveyard, put an indestructible counter on that creature.	3/2		normal	UMB		\nArcana Chaser	R	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	127	R	2R	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEProwess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)NEWLINEWhenever Arcana Chaser attacks, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to Arcana Chaser’s power.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nTwo-Headed Hound	R	rare	Creature – Elemental Dog 	164	R	2R	Double strikeNEWLINEWhen Two-Headed Hound dies, put a double strike counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nThe Waxing Moon	R	rare	Enchantment – Saga 	165	R	1R			NEWLINECreatures you control get +1/+0 for as long as you control Waxing Moon.NEWLINEPut a trample counter on each creature you control.NEWLINEDiscard any number of cards, then draw that many cards.NEWLINEExile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	transform double faced	UMB		Accursed Moon	R	Enchantment	R		Nonbasic lands are mountains.NEWLINEIf a creature you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.NEWLINE1R: Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.				\nAkista, Mother Widow	BG	rare	Legendary Creature – Spider 	207	BG	4BG	ReachNEWLINEWhenever another nontoken Spider enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/2 green Spider creature token with reach.NEWLINECreatures you control with reach have “You may have this creature assign its combat damage as though it weren’t blocked.”	2/8		normal	UMB		\nWaker of the Hunt	G	rare	Creature – Human Werewolf Shaman 	204	G	2GG	Whenever this creature enters the battlefield or transforms into Waker of the Hunt, you may mill three cards. If a creature card is milled this way, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast no spells during that turn, transform Waker of the Hunt.	3/3		transform double faced	UMB		Soul of the Hunt	G	Creature – Werewolf Shaman 	G		Whenever this creature transforms into Soul of the Hunt, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINELycanthropy – At the beginning of each upkeep, if the player whose turn it was last turn cast two or more spells during that turn, transform Soul of the Hunt.	4/4			\nCrawling Skin	G	rare	Kindred Enchantment – Spider Aura 	174	G	2G	Enchant creatureNEWLINEWhenever enchanted creature deals damage to another creature not enchanted by an aura named Crawling Skin, create a token that’s a copy of Crawling Skin attached to that creature. (It must survive the damage to get the Aura. You control that Aura.)NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature dies, create X 1/2 green Spider creature tokens with reach, where X is its toughness.			normal	UMB		\nVulpine Trickster	G	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	203	G	3GG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEFlashNEWLINEYou may cast creature spells as though they had flash.	5/4		normal	UMB		\nAttack of the Waking Woods	G	rare	Sorcery	170	G	3G	Untap any number of lands you control. Until end of turn, those lands become 2/2 Elemental creatures with haste and indestructible. (They aren’t lands while they’re creatures.)NEWLINEFlashback 4G (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nWorldly Tutor	G	rare	Instant	206	G	G	Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, then shuffle and put the card on top.			normal	UMB		\nRadiant Expulsion	W	rare	Instant	32	W	WW	Your opponents can’t cast spells this turn.NEWLINECreatures can’t attack this turn.NEWLINEFlashback 4WW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nFrozen in Fear	U	rare	Sorcery	55	U	2UU	Tap each creature you don’t control. Distribute X stun counters among those creatures, where X is half the number of cards in your graveyard, rounded down. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)NEWLINEFlashback 5UU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nSay the Name	B	rare	Sorcery	117	B	B	You draw a card and you lose 1 life.NEWLINEFlashback 1B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)NEWLINEYou may cast Say the Name from exile for 2BB. If you do, transform it and put it onto the battlefield instead of into your graveyard    as it resolves.			transform double faced	UMB		Awoken Miscreant	B	Creature – Demon Spirit 	B		Whenever Awoken Miscreant enters the battlefield or attacks, choose one–NEWLINE• Each player discards a card.NEWLINE• Each player loses 1 life and draws a card.NEWLINE• Each player sacrifices a creature.NEWLINEIf Awoken Miscreant would leave the battlefield, put it on the bottom of its owner’s library instead of putting it anywhere else.	3/3			\nCruel Betrayal	R	rare	Sorcery	130	R	3RR	Target creature fights another target creature.NEWLINEFlashback 5RR (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nStalking Eyes	G	rare	Sorcery	194	G	XG	Reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put any number of creature cards with total mana value X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	UMB		\nEnlightened Tutor	W	rare	Instant	4	W	W	Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.			normal	UMB		\nGifts Ungiven	U	rare	Instant	57	U	3U	Search your library for up to four cards with different names and reveal them. Target opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	UMB		\nVampiric Tutor	B	rare	Instant	121	B	B	Search your library for a card, then shuffle and put that card on top. You lose 2 life.			normal	UMB		\nGamble	R	rare	Sorcery	139	R	R	Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.			normal	UMB		\nTarmogoyf	G	rare	Creature – Lhurgoyf 	197	G	1G	Tarmogoyf’s power is equal to the number of card types among cards in all graveyards and its toughness is equal to that number plus 1.	*/1+*		normal	UMB		\nSplitting Harvester		rare	Artifact Creature – Scarecrow 	244	C	4	Double strikeNEWLINEOther Scarecrow creatures you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEWhenever another Scarecrow enters the battlefield under your control, create a token that’s a copy of Splitting Harvester, except it doesn’t have this ability.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nMidnight Clock	U	rare	Artifact	62	U	2U	T: Add U.NEWLINE2U: Put an hour counter on Midnight Clock.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, put an hour counter on Midnight Clock.NEWLINEWhen the twelfth hour counter is put on Midnight Clock, shuffle your hand and graveyard into your library, then draw seven cards. Exile Midnight Clock.			normal	UMB		\nEerie Obelisk		rare	Artifact	237	C	3	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control with flying gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Repeat this process for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, prowess, reach, trample, vigilance.			normal	UMB		\nJumpscare	UB	rare	Instant	221	UB	3UB	Target player mills five cards. You may put a creature card from among the cards milled this way onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	UMB		\nOmniform	BG	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	226	BG	2BG	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEOmniform enters the battlefield with a reach counter on it.NEWLINEWhen Omniform enters the battlefield, for each kind of counter on creatures you control, put a counter of that kind on each creature you control without a counter of that kind on it.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nGrace, Soul Unbound	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Grace 	10	W	3W			[+1]: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINE[-3]: Creatures you control gain indestructible, vigilance, and lifelink until end of turn.NEWLINE[-5]: You get an emblem with “Once during each of your turns, you may play a face up card you own from exile.”	planeswalker	UMB	3	41%\nHushpoppet	W	mythic	Creature	15	W	2WW	Other creatures lose all creature types and abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nXrthalid, Subject Zero	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Xrthalid 	84	U	2UU			Counters on Xrthalid, Subject Zero are loyalty counters in addition to their other kinds.NEWLINE[+1]: For each creature you control, you may move a counter from that creature onto Xrthalid, Subject Zero, or you may move a counter from Xrthalid onto that creature.NEWLINE[-1]: Until end of turn, Xrthalid, Subject Zero becomes a Mutant creature with power and toughness each equal to the number of counters on him and gains indestructible. He’s still a planeswalker. Prevent all damage that would be dealt to him this turn.	planeswalker	UMB	3	48\nAncestral Communion	U	mythic	Sorcery	43	U		(Nonexistent mana costs can’t be paid.)NEWLINEDraw three cards.NEWLINEFlashback–U, Exile five other cards with different mana values from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	UMB		\nThe One in the Sewers	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Demon Clown 	109	B	1BB	Whenever an instant or sorcery spell you own destroys, exiles, or deals damage to a creature, if you cast that spell from your hand, you may exile that card with a collection counter on it instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves.NEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent’s control, you may cast a nonland card from exile with a collection counter on it. It targets that creature if able. (You still pay its costs. Timing rules do not apply.)	1/3		normal	UMB		\nTibalt, Spawn of Chaos	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Tibalt 	162	R	RR			You may activate loyalty abilities of Tibalt, Spawn of Chaos on any player’s turn any time you could cast an instant.NEWLINE[+1]: Up to one target creature you control gets +1/-1 until end of turn.NEWLINE[-3]: Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-4]: Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	planeswalker	UMB	2	30%\nTibalt's Betrayal	R	mythic	Instant	163	R	2RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINEAdd X mana of any one color and exile the top X cards of your library, where X is the sacrificed creature’s mana value. Until the beginning of your next end step, you may play cards exiled this way.			normal	UMB		\nSilent Grove		mythic	Land	249	G		T, Pay 1 life: Add G. This mana can’t be spent to cast noncreature spells.NEWLINEWhenever a player casts a noncreature spell, transform Silent Grove.			transform double faced	UMB		Audiovore	G	Creature – Lhurgoyf 	G		Whenever this permanent transforms into Audiovore, it fights another target creature controlled by a player who cast a noncreature spell this turn.NEWLINEAudiovore’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of noncreature cards in all graveyards.NEWLINEAt the beginning of the next end step, transform Audiovore.	*/*			\nVenus Mantrap	G	mythic	Creature – Alien Plant Mutant 	202	G	G	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Venus Mantrap deal damage equal to its power to that creature. Do this only once each turn.NEWLINEWhenever a creature dealt damage by Venus Mantrap this turn dies, choose one–NEWLINE• Put a +1/+1 counter on Venus Mantrap.NEWLINE• Put a vigilance counter on Venus Mantrap.NEWLINE• Put a reach counter on Venus Mantrap.NEWLINE• Put a trample counter on Venus Mantrap.	1/1		normal	UMB		\nThe Clock Prison		mythic	Legendary Artifact	236	C	3	Permanents can’t transform.NEWLINE0: The Clock Prison’s controller sacrifices it and takes an extra turn after this one. Any player may activate this ability but only as a sorcery. This ability costs 5 more to activate during your turn.NEWLINE6: Put The Clock Prison from your graveyard onto the battlefield transformed. Activate        only if it’s an extra turn and only as a sorcery.			transform double faced	UMB		Clocknook		Legendary Creature – Shapeshifter 	C		Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEWhenever Clocknook enters the battlefield or attacks, exile target permanent.	10/10			\nKizrath, the Dusk Prince	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature – Demon Noble 	222	WBR	4WB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEPay 6 life: Another target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.NEWLINE5BR, Pay 7 life: Transform Kizrath, the Dusk Prince.	6/6		transform double faced	UMB		Kizrath Unbound	BR	Legendary Creature – Demon Avatar 	WBR		Flying, trample, lifelinkNEWLINEPay 7 life: Another target creature gets +7/+7 until end of turn. Put a flying counter, a trample counter, and a lifelink counter on it. Activate only once each turn.	7/7			\nIxophew, Hallows Spinner	BG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Ixophew 	219	BG	1BG			[+1]: Until your next turn, creatures you control get +0/+1 and gain reach.NEWLINE[-2]: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.NEWLINE[-6]: You get an emblem with “Creatures your opponents control with power 4 or less can’t attack or block and their activated abilities can’t be activated.”	planeswalker	UMB	3	81%\nSlynn, Identity Binder	WB	mythic	Legendary Kindred Planeswalker	230	WB	2WB			Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINESlynn, Identity Binder is every planeswalker type.NEWLINE[+1]: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. If there are four or more creature types among other permanents you control, draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 colorless Shapeshifter creature token with changeling.NEWLINE[-8]: Target opponent gets an emblem with “Creatures you control lose all creature types and abilities and have base power and toughness 1/1.”NEWLINE	planeswalker	UMB	4	33\nThought Trash	U	common	Instant	80	U	1UU	Counter target spell. Target player mills two cards.			normal	UMB		\nNaive Delver	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Wizard 	66	U	U	At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. You may reveal that card. If a noncreature, nonland card is revealed this way, put a +1/+1 counter and a flying counter on Naive Delver and transform it.	1/1		transform double faced	UMB		Misshapen Abomination	U	Creature – Mutant Insect Wizard 	U		Amalgamate (At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move a counter from this creature onto another target creature you control.)	1/1			\nEve's Beginning	WB	rare	Sorcery	216	WB	WB	Each player secretly chooses a player and chooses tricks or treats for that player. Each player sacrifices a creature for each time tricks was chosen for them and gains 1 life and draws a card for each time treats was chosen for them.			normal	UMB		\nMutavault		rare	Land	248	C		T: Add C.NEWLINE1: Mutavault becomes a 2/2 creature with all creature types until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	UMB		\nCavern of Souls		rare	Land	247	C		As Cavern of Souls enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINET: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type, and that spell can’t be countered.			normal	UMB		\nDream Lurker	U	rare	Creature – Nightmare Horror 	46	U	1UU	If Dream Lurker would deal combat damage to a player, instead that player mills that many cards and you draw a card.NEWLINEDiscard a card: Dream Lurker gains hexproof until end of turn. It can’t be blocked this turn.	3/1		normal	UMB		\nVictor, Sentience Imparter	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	123	WUBRG	2BB	T: Exile target card from your graveyard with a cadaver counter on it. If that card is an enchantment, add W. If that card is an artifact, add U. If that card is a creature or planeswalker, add B. If that card is an instant or sorcery, add R. If that card is a land, add G. Then you may transform Victor, Sentience Imparter.	3/4		transform double faced	UMB		Victor's Monster	UB	Legendary Creature – Zombie Horror 	WUBRG		Hexproof, menaceNEWLINEVictor’s Monster gets +1/+1 for each card type among cards you own in exile with cadaver counters on them.NEWLINEVictor’s Monster gets +1/+1 for each color among cards you own in exile with cadaver counters on them.	0/0			\nMeribelle, the Poltergeist	WU	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit 	223	WU	3WU	You may cast a face up Spirit card you own from exile once during each of your turns.NEWLINEWhenever you exile one or more creature cards you own from your graveyard or from the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/5		normal	UMB		\nHannibal, Inaugural Mayor	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Vampire Rogue 	11	WB	2W	VigilanceNEWLINEWhenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of the end step, if you gained 5 or more life this turn, transform Hannibal, Inaugural Mayor.	2/4		transform double faced	UMB		Count Hannibal	WB	Legendary Creature – Vampire 	WB		Flying, vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, you may pay XB, where X is less than or equal to the amount of life you gained. If you do, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn and you put X +1/+1 counters on target Vampire you control.	2/4			Flip card #sNEWLINESet total NEWLINE105 Common (4 Flip)NEWLINE100 Uncommon (20 Flip)NEWLINE59 Rare (11 Flip)NEWLINE18 Mythic (3 Flip)\nConstantine, Chief Instigator	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Berserker 	212	WR	2RW	Whenever one or more nontoken Berserker creatures you control attack, create a 1/1 red Berserker creature token that’s tapped and attacking.NEWLINEWhenever another token source you control deals damage to an opponent, Constantine, Chief Instigator deals that much damage to each opponent.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nMontague, Crafty Survivor	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Rogue 	224	WG	2GW	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)NEWLINEWhenever one or more Human creatures you control attack, up to one target attacking Human creature gains indestructible until end of turn.NEWLINEIf one or more counters would be put on an attacking creature you control, twice that many of those counters are put on that creature instead.	5/2		normal	UMB		\nThriller	UB	mythic	Kindred Sorcery – Zombie 	232	UB	7UB	Gain control of all nonlegendary creatures. Those creatures become black Zombies in addition to their other colors and types.			normal	UMB		\nGlutmeg, Crazed Alchemist	UR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	217	UR	1UR	T, Tap X other untapped Wizards you control: Exile target instant or sorcery card with mana value X plus 1 or less from your graveyard. Copy that card for each instant and sorcery spell you’ve cast this turn. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nEliot, the Smith of Flesh	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Mutant Wizard 	214	UG	GU	As long as Eliot, the Smith of Flesh is in any zone other than a player’s hand or library, counters remain on Mutant cards you own as they move to any zone other than a player’s hand or library.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, for each card in your graveyard with a counter on it, you may move a counter from that card onto a creature you control.	2/2		normal	UMB		\nDreadknot, Decapitated Fiend	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Plant Knight 	213	BR	3BR	When Dreadknot, Decapitated Fiend enters the battlefield, for each kind of counter among other creatures you control, put a counter of that kind on Dreadknot.NEWLINEWhenever Dreadknot attacks, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of counters on it.NEWLINE1BR: Choose a kind of counter on Dreadknot, Decapitated Fiend and put a counter of that kind on target Plant you control.	3/3		normal	UMB		\nBloodcurl, the Dread Howler	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Wolf 	208	RG	3RG	FlashNEWLINEX: You may put a creature card with mana value X from your hand onto the battlefield.NEWLINERG: Transform target Human Werewolf.NEWLINE2RG: Wolf and Werewolf creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.	5/5		normal	UMB		\nPutrid Blob	B	rare	Creature – Ooze 	112	B	2BB	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhenever a creature dealt damage by Putrid Blob this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Putrid Blob and exile that creature card with a slime counter on it.NEWLINEPutrid Blob has all activated abilities of creature cards in exile with slime counters on them.	1/3		normal	UMB		\nSnapcaster Mage	U	rare	Creature – Human Wizard 	75	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEWhen Snapcaster Mage enters the battlefield, target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may cast that card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)	2/1		normal	UMB		\nScream Harvester	R	rare	Creature – Plant 	159	R	1R	Whenever a creature dealt damage by Scream Harvester this turn dies, choose an ability it had from among first strike, flying, deathtouch, double strike, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, trample, or vigilance, and put a counter of that kind on Scream Harvester.NEWLINE1R: Scream Harvester gains first strike until end of turn.	3/1		normal	UMB		\nMaiden of the Haunt	W	rare	Creature – Spirit 	25	W	1W	FlyingNEWLINEAs long as Maiden of the Haunt is on the battlefield or in exile haunting a creature, haunted creatures have base power and toughness 1/1 and have flying.NEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)	1/1		normal	UMB		\nMass Mentality	R	rare	Kindred Sorcery – Berserker 	152	R	3RR	For each token you control, create a token that’s a copy of that permanent. Those tokens gain haste. Exile them at the beginning of the next end step.NEWLINEUntap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.			normal	UMB		\nRoost Keeper	B	rare	Creature – Vampire 	115	B	1BB	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever you gain life, create a 1/1 black Bat creature token with flying. This ability triggers only once each turn.NEWLINE2BB: Roost Keeper and Bat creatures you control gain deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	UMB		\nNameless Persecutor	W	rare	Creature – Shapeshifter 	27	W	3WW	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)NEWLINEFlashNEWLINEWhen Nameless Persecutor enters the battlefield, exile another target creature until Nameless Persecutor leaves the battlefield.NEWLINECreatures you control have protection from creatures that share a creature type with the exiled card.	3/4		normal	UMB		